I need a hoe opinion 
You ate ashes out of my bong
We walking to the game and some random guy came up to to me and yelled "hey you're the whiskey guy!" And then high fived me then walked away
*tries to be fun and flirty* *literally gets peed on*
He was tripping his balls off and kept aggressively saying SIT ON MY FACE. 5 hours and countless orgasms later I've decided I must never let this man go.
I made a separate snapchat account so I could swap nudes with a guy from omegle.
This is my second month of college and all I've learned is how to get a guy to go down on me without asking out loud and not to chase everclear with Smirnoff ice. 
Some people are good at football, some people are good at painting, and he's good at being a fuckboy. Everyone has their talents.
not that i'm not about exploiting men for money
And remember people can't hear you kick ass in space
whenever i get involved w someone i'm gonna give you their number to testify to the fact that they should not fall in love with me
Why can I remember how tall Nicki Minaj is from looking up her height once months ago, yet after weeks into the semester I can't even remember where any my classrooms are located
I'm no longer puke free since 2013 am I.
when u match a guy bc he's from Oregon & he's trying to flirt, shut up i just want to talk about trees
He literally had a Trump sign in his front yard. I just can't now.
NO ITS THAT IM A SEXUAL DEVIANT AND CANT FILTER MYSELF
I realized it was late, and he was my brother in humanity and another incarnation of my own life force and consciousness, so I regained control of myself, thanked him for helping me, and went home.
A+ Viking dick
How dare you not respond to me after opening up a picture of my bare breasts
I'm trying to drink up the confidence to run in public.
I am NOT pregnant
It's called life, you pretentious bitch. Grow up.
Things were going really well until his cousin showed up. She told him I look kind of like his mom, which started a ten-minute debate on my and his mother's specific features, and ultimately, who is prettier. Guess who my date picked.
Just bought plan b at 8am. Then the cashier asked if I wanted to donate to the children's miracle network. Fml
It was after I slept with him he tells me he's a juggalo 
If sending nudes to tinder boy is considered functional then yes.
I need more than 2 fuckable people this is an outrage
Does the term "on fleek" apply to dicks or just eyebrows?
I ask him how he's going, like life and stuff, and he responds "20-0 pats"
I can't wait to get to LA so I can punch her in the face
He wore pink swim trunks on our date and repeatedly insulted my profession, but his cat kept standing up like a person to nuzzle my face and I felt like a Disney Princess. I hate this dude, but the cat is too amazing for me to not fake interest for.
I just want cinnabon and vodka.
It's a sad day when a deadly hurricane headed your way is less depressing than your relationship status.
"Because this is an ongoing legal matter" is how his morning after sex text began.  So...
I peed outside 4 times after the bar, safe to say I had great night
I just realized it's officially fall..I had sex while watching Halloween
falling asleep on a hardwood floor changes a person
I'm done, I have no more memes or ways to ask for nudes, so yeah
Tonight I researched being a phone sex operator and teaching English at a French school in Africa. I think my future lacks direction
You were so drunk you told some dude your life story in one short sentence... and kissed his fiancé. You're invited to the wedding.
I'd like to buy a season pass to your dick please.
MY LIFE IS A TRAINWRECK THATS ON FIRE BUT SOMEHOW STILL MOVING, I HAVE THE RIGHT TO SCREAM OUTSIDE AT 2AM
Mike Pence got the fuck boy eyes though
unless you want this visit to have a different tone... more romantic, less molly in a hotel room
He was 6'5 and wearing a kilt, how could I not fuck him
If there was a gecko involved in your BDSM I'm gonna have to request that not happen when we live together ;)
I'm pretty sure I hallucinated the existence of an entire human being last night.
We sexted for four hours straight. Is this really what my life has come to?
I'm not well. Although it could be worse.
it's unicorns you uncultured swine
My car insurance payment showed up today, so no inflatable hot tub for now. Sorry to disappoint.
So if I run into you on the street, I'm supposed to just stop drop and suck your dick?
Science requires me to take a picture of your nipples.
Is it bad I use my AA meeting to hookup with guys?
I'm shaking a cocktail while in bed. Is that bad?
She's in it for that fear factor ya'll. Obsession and stalking or nothing.
Just shared a bacon biscuit with my cat.... Life is weird for me right now
Like I blink, and he's face first in my vagina.
You don't know bruises until you've been banged by 3 drunk bagpipers in the back of thier bus
I'm gonna fight the coyote
Was it cause you feel bad for the ridiculousness my vagina goes through because same
i am craving dick and cupcakes
On another note, I almost lost one side of my fake butt. Dancing the wobble with the fake butt isn't recommend.
So the 25yr old smokeshow I fucked last night said "Prepare to be disappointed" as he put the condom on. I was. 40 is bullshit.
Grrr. Fine. You get oral for being unwrong.
They offered me pot brownies in 7 minutes flat.  Imagine my horror when I had to be like, are those gluten free?
I let my daughters ex boyfriend take me home from the bar. Hey, at least he's old enough to drink
How do u ask ur friend if shes keeping her kid but in a chill way
woke up to my little sister's best-friend's boyfriend in my bed, but how's your saturday going?
My potted cactus died. I am literally less nurturing than the desert.
If its not for food we ain't going out.
Lol, yeah it'll be fun,but will it be cereal and dick pics fun?
And speaking of good acting I may have a sex tape now
I had to fake it.  He was punching my vagina like it owed him money and enough was enough.
how much of this shit do i need to take before i think its a good idea to set the house on fire and scream satanic mantras?
How am i even supposed to meet his daughter? "Hi, Claire, I hear we have so much in common, like we both love your Dad and also we're almost the same age."
I want your cock. I also want to cuddle you and tell you how amazing you are, because you know balance.
Would you paint my ceiling for oral sex?
He struggled for a second trying to unhook my bra and I said "4/10. Novice."
IT TOOK ME LIKE AN HOUR TO DO THAT. DO YOU KNOW HOW HARD IT IS FOR ME TO CONCENTRATE ON ONE THING FOR AN ENTIRE HOUR?!
Jesus when did you leave my house? I found 2 bottles of wine, vodka, and a book with blow all over it wondering if I was read bedtime stories
I just walked by a dude at the gym covering himself in olive oil.
STOP PUTTING BUTTER ON MY FUCKING CAT
He grabbed my tits and sang "you are so beautiful" to them before faceplanting into my chest
I just loudly threatened to kill a self checkout machine
One singular head for man, one giant climax for mankind
What type of bandaid should I use on my clit
Correction: Jimmy johns. The one pita pit employee has been an asshole to me ever since you locked them out of the store
Chugging this bottle of Jim at the airport is proving more difficult than I imagined.  TSA is not amused.
And then you poured the rest of the vodka into salsa and added the alcohol soaked pineapples and grapes and said "don't touch my salsa breakfast".
I was floored. Like way less concerned with him using drugs than I am with him not believing in evolution.
There should be a guide book that probation officers hand out on "how to tell a tinder girl about your ankle monitor before she notices it at the worst possible moment"
I seriously just forgot to push down the toaster twice in a row \n\nSo I've been waiting 8 minutes for toaster strudels that I haven't even started... Too high
I ate too many pot brownies and passed out topless with my boobs painted like the American flag
What should've been a 10 minute beer run turned into her having a 40 minute mental breakdown in my car while in the parking lot. She then asked if she could live at my house and be my girlfriend. Her finishing act was stealing my peanut m&m's. 
Waking up drunk is great, waking up drunk and hanging with your mom is even better.
When the stripper from this weekend is your cashier at Publix the next day 😐💀#pensacolaproblems
you hit your head on the sneeze guard and passed out at Pizza Hut they called the police
I'M OFFICIATING THIS WEDDING. HOLY SHIT.
When I came out of the bathroom you were naked dead asleep on the couch but your dick was still rock hard standing straight up. I almost took a pic. It was impressive.
Have you ever given your heart and soul to someone and they turn out to be nothing but a great fuck that makes a mean grilled cheese because same
COME TO THE TOP OF THE MOUNTAIN AND I WILL GIVE YOU MY SAGE ADVICE.
Leaves on the ground. Coffee in one hand and your man in my other. Lovely fall morning.
His wedding band got caught on my nipple ring and that's how I realized he was married
I could have been on my second lucrative divorce by now, but nooooo, I had to be a strong independent woman.
Would I do it again? Probably not but still,I don't regret a single ratchet thing I've done in college.
Buying drug test kits off amazon. And qualifying for amazonSmile donation to a kids hospital feels wrong and funny at the same time xD
Should I apologize for the loud sex I had in his living room? Because I'm not going to. 
i survived drinking for 24 hours, an 8 ball of cocaine and a threesome. I think you can handle moving.
What's the best way to tell someone that I accidentally wound up in a gay harem?
He started talking about getting a puppy together. So of course I went down on him later
I dunno that I'd be trusting enough of junkyard tequila to drink it.
I'm tired, but I'm gonna go with "I watched the debate last night and part of my soul died"
We probably are going to die. So. Thanks for agreeing to be my Maid of Honor even though I torture you.
HAVE BEEN SPEAKING IN RUSSIAN ACCENT FOR 5 HOURS
You're not gonna like every guy whose dick I put in my mouth
I cuddled with a man named Pickles
Im wearing black today mourning the orgasm i couldn't get this morning :(
I got wine drunk and bought a hedgehog.
This weekend I turned down sex to watch the Star Wars marathon... Is this growing up?
you said "it's karaoke night" and tried to use my dick as a microphone
I sucked his dick by a creek, how romantic.
I supernannyed him into submission
I'm pretty sure I went in the girls bathroom and vomited everywhere then looked for a urinal for like 20 minutes
HIS DICK IS SO AWESOME DUDE. 15/10 SURPRISE
Well I just saw a fully naked man doing a headstand in a cooler of ice water.
I got so drunk I thought my tennis court was a corn field so I laid in it and ate pizza
I just remembered that before we left my house I vowed to stay fully clothed and I FAILED
Emojis can't explain what he felt when that ass dropped
I got wine drunk and bought a hedgehog
Went to open youtube this morning, and the last search was "ten hours of whale sounds" Best pillow talk ever!
He just showed up in boxer briefs and loafers with only his phone and condoms
First morning at school this semester and I threw up in a bush during my walk of shame.
I HAVENT HAD A NICE A NICE DICK SINCE FEBRUARY!! I WANNA KEEP THIS ONE!!!
Harry Potter pub crawl tonight. You know you're  living your life right when your check list for the evening is wizard robes, wand and acid.
You gotta have 1 orgasm for me and the rest can be for you. I'm living vicariously through you 😂
I literally just told you I found out I masturbate in my sleep. I think we can be snapchat friends again
He hand fed me trail mix then I watched the video of me the next morning.  He was actually feeding me meow mix.....that drunk. I still have no regrets marrying him
Roomies told me I showed up to my house alone with no pants on and burrs in my hair... I live in the middle of the city
Never remove your contact lenses after eating an entire bag of spicy doritos.
Every time I try to do something productive I end up searching ghost porn.
OH MY GOD did i pee on you?!
I almost had a threesome in a giant beanbag chair. I love college.
I started carrying sissors in my purse to open plan B with. Both ashamed and proud.
I just ate apple sauce in my underwear. This isn't 30. This is 3.
Now all I have unanswered questions and a fucked up finger
Just once, I'd like to make it to my first wedding anniversary for a change.
yeah but really his dick tasted like soap. like i was blowing a bar of soap
I just made mac at 3:10 am... My life is falling apart...
Is there something wrong with us?  Seriously.
Erin was right. There were bees at the after hours.
I believe you can. But if you can have rum with breakfast then do that. Definitely do that.
It's 2016 and I'm somehow banging the milkman.
Yeah, sorry about that. Dropped the phone on my face while I was watching porn.
I spanked her so hard I woke up Grandma
Those people that talk about exercise endorphins have never experienced a 9x13 pan of mac n cheese endorphins
I don't care if he's the coolest coworker, if he's living in his mom's basement at 30 you should not buy drugs from him
She's the prison bitch to my Martha Stewart.
Don't tell me you're on acid again
I wasn't supposed to sleep w him. So of course I sent him gps location to my bed.
Well I just had a flashback of something I did in the 4th grade.  Now I can't go back to sleep.
Dude, do you think he'd be pissed if he found out that I always reference him as my starter husband?
i now know why i keep getting pictures of poop.  apparently someone put my number in a girls bathroom saying i am a poop lover.
It's like the hunger games, but we're gonna bone each other instead of kill each other
I'm going to make a stack of pancakes and fuck it. Right now.
That jawline could fucking have its way with me.
It's gonna be me and some oreos tonight. Basically like sex
someday i'll meet a man and who loves me as much as i love getting drunk and starting fires
A to Z: fucking your way through the alphabet 
He ain't mine yet. Gotta have a third date before I pee on him and mark territory.
he woke up this morning, drunk as fuck, butt ass naked, and he had left grandmas gun on the counter and doesn't know why.
I have to hand it to her. In my heyday I took home the 'biggest shitshow of the night' award 9 times out of 10. But I passed the torch on to her last night, and she went skipping merrily far and away with it into the enchanted world of aggressive alcoholism. Is this 30?
Shit is getting real. I just adjusted my search radius for my dating profile to ANY FUCKING WHERE
Okay, yeah, judgmental guy at 7/11. I'm buying g wine at 10:20 in the morning. You wanna fight about it?
Definitely went down on him last night while he was wearing a cape. He randomly kept swirling it around me and "revealing me" in the mirror like a magic trick. I'm not even a little upset, it's fun fucking younger guys.
No, I'm not a weirdo, I keep bondage straps under my matress like a normal person, not a diary.
Nothing like sitting at your midterm pissed at yourself because you put your graphing calculator batteries in your vibrator and forgot to put them back in before the exam 😑
Tinder recommend to a friend: making threesomes easier since 2016
Last night he told me I was never sexier than when I was cutting pizza. Seriously. Like, he's perfect.
Everyone is all excited about the iPhone 7 being water resistant and I'm only concerned with whether or not it can be destroyed by salsa or cum
Is it ironic that our divorce court is a block from where we had our reception? Or is it just sad? Alanis has confused my understanding of irony.
He's coming over again? GIRL, you're thoroughly enjoying the month of Dicktember.
Sitting naked in my bed eating leftover Mexican food drinking coors light.. Can it get any more single than this?
PokemonGo as navigation to get some at 5:13 AM. Life choices, yo.
I need to stop acting like a porn star that isn't getting paid
So his dick was definitely bigger than it looked in all the pictures he sent my daughter.
Update: He still has devil magic genitals.
You KNOW it was a good night when you find French fries AND taco remnants in your bra when you get home...
Do you know this guy sitting in front of us? Asking for my vagina.
Tequila is never to blame.  We all make good choices under tequila
I was too lazy to get my chapstick out of my purse so i lubed up my lips with pizza grease. On a scale of 1-10 how embarassed should i be?
Good dick will make you do a lot of things… Great dick will make you consider buying a house.
Sorry I didn't call this morning. Ended up with a decorated war veteran last night who besides finding the enemy, KNEW where the fuck my G spot was. He gets a medal in my book!
Riddle me this: How does one check in at the Marriott, but wake up at the W?
I don't care how hot he is.  I will not strip for him to country music.
I gave my girlfriend a ring to celebrate our anniversary, she thought It was an engagement ring. Now im getting married and I don't know what to do.
I didn't want him to hear me sneaking in. The doggie door was the perfect solution.
the staff put glowsticks in the urinals of the porta-pottys last night and honestly drunk me has never been more grateful for anything in his life
I was on top for a full on make out when in dead silence "I'm moaning Myrtle" came from the TV. Moment ruined. I got cock blocked by a fictional ghost
After he finished he laid there and told me how much work that just was. I looked at him and told him not to ruin a good thing by opening his mouth.
He sang a ten minute song about me sitting on his face and eating quesadillas. Pretty sure I have to marry him.
I jizzed in his mayonnaise and put it back in the fridge. Shouldn't have stolen my weed.
Fuck it, I'm going to make my own dick pic album since iOS 10 won't do it for me.
My ex husband is now my side piece.  #thisis30
Have a booty call at 3am, stopped for tacos at 2:30. It's 2:55 and I still haven't ordered but can't jump the curb to get out of line because there is a cop in front of me. What am I doing with my life?
Next time I pee on a car, I'll text you.
I passed out drunk in her bed. Her boyfriend showed up and told me to go to the other room or we were gonna have a threesome. I threw up off the side of her bed and left. I feel like that was an adequate response.
While he was going down town Julie brown, I was eating French fries. True Love
Remember the time you cried about coconuts
He hit me up on Grindr and called me "bro." I just have to assume that the sex is going to be bad.
I might go bald with this hair pulling thing every night.
I went home with him again and he LEFT HIS OWN HOUSE at 2 in the morning while I was IN THE BATHROOM.
Kind of like the new iOS 10 because I can send sexts with fireworks or confetti. Really gets the point across
Beer. Pizza. Seething Rage. I will be full of two of these things tonight. You get to decide which two.
Also that boy who jizzed in me wearing Cowboy boots and a plaid shirt snapped me at 4 am and said "I owe you a dinner. Sorry"
How you doing tonight? I got my butthole licked so i cant complain.
Hi, I put a dog in your house, I hope it's yours.
THAT BEAUTIFUL FACE AND HEAVENLY LIGHTING IS NOT HELPING THE NOT DEAD POINT HOW DO I NOT KNOW YOU ARE NOT TEXTING ME FROM THE AFTERLIFE
Dick very happy bro
I just got a robo call from the Addiction Help Line. Not sure how to take that.
I'm 4,715,723% sure I don't give a fuck.
I woke up not knowing what state I was in. Turns out, people from Deleware are pretty helpful.
I'm way too sober and people are way too heterosexual
ya I had reallllllly good sex last night too that will probably get me evicted
She doesn't even give a fuck about angle. I seriously gotta start doing like penis yoga or something.
you told me I was being patronizing because I didn't want you to run barefoot across a construction site
Please just help me figure out where the bruise on my face came from.
I'm still waiting for God to smite you for impersonating a decent human being.
Nothing to be ashamed of. I bet Oprah has sharted.
Oh, now I remember why I deleted your number. You're kind of a dick. Please delete mine.
Honestly my life is shambles over a married man who looked like a fuckin NERD ON HIS WEDDING DAY
He also needs to focus on not being such a little bitch, but that's none of my business.
I was at a crossroads, dude. Like, do I wanna eat chicken McNuggets or talk about my feelings?
Fuck these bullshit days. My underwear are still inside out.
Her new crush is a 6'2" guacamole baron that may also be a Jedi.
When I go to hand him the blunt and he's eating a cookie and responds with "let me hit this cookie"
Let this be a lesson to you, parmesan cheese crumbles are not a good substitute for coffee creamer, no matter how high you are
She fucked the dishwasher AND the manager. 
Turns out I tore my ACL when I fell off the mechanical bull.. Happy bday to me
Do you ever have one of those days when your breasts are just fucking awesome?
I told her we had to stay at the bar until at least midnight because that's when my direct deposit hit, don't tell me i'm not responsible
PSA- Wearing assless chaps results in embarrassingly painful sunburn
DO NOT LET HIM TAKE CONTROL OVER YOUR BOWELS
Sorry I trained your dog in Spanish last night. At least he listens to someone now.
I woke up cuddling a ham. That's not a euphemism. I actually slept with an entire ham.
 I'm so glad you haven't fallen off any more yachts
I just paid my school fees like a real adult who doesn't get accidentally drunk on a Tuesday night
You spent the whole night conversing with your zombie poster, so I'd say you were pretty far gone.
I heard you ran into my sister lastnight. Do you remember making out with her and slapping my uncle?
I'm trying to behave my vagina this week so I can at least pretend I'm honoring the sanctity of marriage
We're listening to drake in the middle of the woods and smoking two joints at once...my life is complete.
Good luck. While you're suffocating on a dick, I'll be eating pizza rolls. Being a good girl.
Stoned. Scared. Bring pool noodle and onion rings.
It's brunch. If you find dick at brunch. You an A+ hoe.
I swear if you laugh while im moaning i will immediately stop and go home.
Tell me not to drink and get on ladders. I think I need the reminder.. I'm clumsy enough sober.
I hate when I wake up and find my vibrator next to me. Such a waste of an orgasm...getting myself off in my sleep and not remembering
I appreciate the fact that you sent me a snapchat of your dick soaking in a cup of water.
I just got woken up by that guy wearing a Krispy Kreme hat giving out donuts
No, it's like a legit blood drive. It's not just her out in some parking lot with needles and ziplock bags
Any idea why my ass cheeks are bruised again?
When I woke up I had 6 missed calls making sure I was ok and asking if I remember showing my tits to a picture of her baby.
You showed me your butthole that's like a mating call in other species
I now have a "weirdest thing a guy ever did in bed" story. Cut my fingernails. 
I still have to bake cookies and shave my legs so Mike can have MILF & cookies when he gets home.
All I want is a wedding with a dress and a veil and where I can go and my cat can go.
I wanted one last NYC adventure and I got it. Now I just have to figure out a polite way to wake up the pantless former stripper illegal Russian immigrant street violinist chick currently in a vodka coma in my bed.
Some guy walking down the sidewalk just looked at me and said "hey it's the world champ". How drunk was I on Friday...?
It seems that Coffee is the true alpha male.
Nothing says depression like laying in your bed stoned, naked, and eating a cupcake
He doesn't like Sabbath and that alone is a GIANT red flag. Learn from my experiences and never, I mean NEVER associate with people that hate Black Sabbath and Motörhead.
My hangover headache is somewhere in the Harry Potter scar neighborhood. I can now empathize with that poor bastard.
If my plane goes down do me a favor. Break into my house and get the batman costume and swing out of my bedroom.
Saw your dad at the bar last night... And again this morning when he left. Told you not to mess with me bitch.
I used the line "you don't have enough pillows". Then left. Thought you should know.
On a scale of one to Harambe, how attached were you to your goldfish?
I'm here. Help me get the salsa and bong inside.
He told me I was a good dog mom. I've never been so turned on in my life
He's a cop. Do you know how many times I've said fuck the police? This is my chance. I'm taking it.
I know you just got bad medical news... But want some moonshine?
I'm covered in bite marks and have a cracked rib - was a good weekend
His dick is a spiritual experience and meditation is very important to me.
Omg. I just remembered my underwear is in my wallet
COCAINE AND SUSPENSFUL BBC SHOWS DO NOT WORK.
I think it's important to not involve Bar Food in any near future decisions.
He gave me a box of cheez-its after sex, does that make me a hooker?
YOU SHOULD HAVE BEEN THE FIRST VISITOR TO CHRISTMASLAND
You kept flirting with some guy while I was throwing up on the sidewalk, and I screamed YOU DON'T LIKE MEN
Is that your mom climbing in your window dude
It's almost sad. It's like the Harambe of vagina stories really.
Fuck you. You were a total asshole last night. 
I should not be able to sum up my life with a taco brand motto...
If you had asked me 10 years ago where I thought I'd be right now at 26 years old, I can bet you one million dollars that "tweezing out my nose hairs before I go in to get laser hair removal on my upper lip" would NOT have been the answer
He managed to rip my nipple last night....
Tbh you just need to fuck it out like I don't know another solution
I just gave them my two week notice. Now is the perfect time to fuck my boss's son
He just got really stoned and kept complementing my ponytail
What's your opinion on eating ass? Just looking for a yes or no
Why is there cereal literally EVERYWHERE?
Your phone just changed "liver" to "liquor" how dose that make you feel
Jesus I was next level high last night having a mental epiphany about the state of Virginia
FYI, his "son" is a Chihuahua.
On a scale from 1 to total dick, how inappropriate is it to pick your boyfriend up from rehab with a hangover?
You really need to not quote Anchorman while I'm giving you a serious blowjob.
Got so drunk last night I kinda sent a super on point sext to his kid sister...say a prayer man
There's a set of buzz lightyear wings in lost and found at work. I just need access to your roof.
I slept on her porch...in her dads handcuffs
I just want a guy who will spank me, fuck me, then take me to my office xmas party. I'd that too much to ask?
The way I see it, there's 2 types of friends. Those you should do drugs with, and those you really,really shouldn't.
we should most definitely have a fire extinguisher in the apartment. like... for sure
UPDATE: THERE IS ASS EATING. I REPEAT: THERE IS ASS EATING.
HE WILL NEVER BE ONE OF US. HE WILL NEVER BE A DECENT, GOD-FEARING WHORE.
It's not even 8:30a, wine glass is broken, there's sugar everywhere, and your mom just asked me what MILF means.
I told him no rough stuff and he immediately bit my ass. Who the fuck does that?
I mean she did throw a tantrum because you wouldn't let her suck your dick
Everything is bullshit and I hate everyone
Ok, not to minimize the significance of that beautiful anecdote from your childhood, but here's a video of my penis.
Like I didn't gracefully walk into these feelings. No, I fucking stumbled and fell face fucking first.
LOL he's a hopeless romantic now? 🤔 I'd say giving him a bj in a freakin softball dugout isn't the most romantic thing but it still happened
You threw up with such class too! Tiara and all.
HE MIGHT HAVE YOUR BUTTHOLE, BUT HE CANT HAVE YOUR HEART. THATS MINE.
We were in the uber and you were crying because you wanted to be an Olympic gymnast. The driver tried to console you and you just cried harder
He screamed like a woman when he came then proceeded to sing "you [we] are the champion" by Queen. I think I'm in love.
I just woke up hand cuffed to the bar and shirtless, so yeah I think I need you to come get me.
I'll never lecture you, go get that dick baby girl make momma proud,I didn't raise no quitter
It's a sad day when you're not really phased by the McChicken video only because you've seen weirder porn.
I had sex upstairs in my parents house, and my mom texted me and said "those raccoons are out of control in the walls."
In theory, it seemed like it would work.
I just need a fucking pair of pants. Is that too much to ask for?
Taking body shots off hot Camren. Get here now.
He was doing dishes, naked. I dropped to my knees and gave him head. Teamwork level- pro..
I tried to avoid catching feelings but then he took me out to breakfast
I made him cum so hard he couldn't play video games for like an hour. I've never been more proud of myself.
Scientific fact: if he makes a face like a demonic dog when he's fucking you, makes it easier to fuck without feelings.
I woke up in a cornfield to shouting, a bottle of Jim Beam, and a bunch of mc muffins. If this doesn't scream Illinois, idk what does.
He couldn't undo my bra. He ended up breaking the clasp he clawed at it so long. We met on Tinder for God sake
On my way to return shoes I bought so that I can afford to buy a pregnancy test. Is this adulthood?
I didn't know how to commemorate his death, so I snorted a fat line off of his obituary. Rest in peace.
You peed all over his floor and had a bottle popped in your ass when you passed out. Don't tell me I'm "still living in my college days"
My hair tie broke, stole my one-night stands daughters pink sparkly one. BEST hair-tie I have ever used...
I snuck in through the doggy door to get his vodka. Do you think my ex will know?
he's really high and upset. he just found out alice from the brady bunch died
The smoothie place is closed, but the liquor store is open and wine is kinda like a smoothie.
BITCH I AM EXPERIENCING THE FEMININE MYSTERY SHUT UP AND GIVE ME DRUGS
I think one make out session at a bar per year is probably the best choice.
Nobody's dick fell into my mouth tonight
Pretty sure keeping my vibrator in the same drawer with the weed makes it work better. I fall asleep almost immedi
I'm just waking up. I awoke in a towel (I must have showered at some point),i also found a half eaten McChicken in my bed and vomit in the toilet. Seems like I'm winning at life
He ate me out while I finished season 1 of Stranger Things. If that's not a modern day relationship goal, then I don't know what is.
Cooked. Eating pizza. Didn't have a napkin so I took my shirt off and I'm using it.
SOME DUDE PUT OUT FOR A MCCHICKEN AND YET YOU STILL WON'T FUCK ME
Im covered in coffee vomit and urine and none of which are mine
I woke up this morning cradling my vibrator like it was a baby
Said he wanted to wear me as a loincloth. Not sure if sexual or predatory
I love you man but my hope is that you will not wake me up again by pissing on me
I'm out of breath and my thighs burn but at least it's over.
he just fucked me for my cheese.
All I want is a hot dog on a Saturday at 2:19 is that to much to ask?!
She sent me a video of herself sitting in the car stone faced listening to the Titanic song on silence. She won't answer my texts.
I Woke up still tied to the bed. I would say, it was a good night!
Congrats you've received dick pics from an Olympic silver medalist
Can't. Way too high. Forgot how to operate doors. Stuck outside.Come get me.
Google imaged your anal issues. Seems fuckable still.
Dude, I got drunk and sexted his little sister by accident
We will let tequila do the talkin this weekend
Wanna see if we can get cut off at bdubs again? The same hipster manager that is younger than us is working again
I came back from England with a face tattoo and the only thing anyone can talk about is my beard.
Are you feeling better yet? 
You're telling that to the kid drinking Jack in nothing but a graduation cap
I've officially slept through a hurricane, a tornado and had sex during an earthquake. I'm surviving.
I found three naked dudes in your bed this morning. Did we have a really weird break in or do you need to tell me something?
I saw a picture of a baby and it reminded me to take my birth control. Priorities
I made it 1 week... 5 business days at my new job before sleeping with my coworker.
I give out orgasms like candy and ride a motorcycle...how is that not appealing
I find celibacy oppressive. Huge waste of my time and talents.
Earlier today I was eating cookie dough from a tube, now I'm laying naked next to a hot guy watching Pawn Stars in between orgasms. You really can have it all.
It's okay that we broke up and all but it's not okay that he still has my Chick-fil-A calendar card. This month is free fries!
He played Harry Potter Fan Fiction videos to get me in the mood. He might be the one.
Do you ever get so high you're like vibrating
at that point, I wouldn't blame  you because I'd be so ashamed I couldnt even have sex with myself.
My professor just paused class to answer a phone call from her dog. Im taking shots before this class from now on.
Fine I'll cuddle you but only for the purpose of trying to survive
Idk... he wears anklets.. i dont think i can get past that.
You went to pound town last night and chow town this morning. Boy you need a passport.
I'm shotgunning a meatball sub and watching flip or flop. i have reached a new level of singledom.
I just found (and ate) a chunk of a reese's that fell between my boobs. Problem is that I finished those off 3 days ago in a drunk induced sob session... Has it really been that long since I changed my clothes?!
Okay so I just had a really great idea
He was more upset that I got into his phone than about getting caught cheating.
IT WAS JUST SO LITTLE AND AWKWARDLY FLOPPING BACK AND FORTH
I woke up naked and surrounded by M&Ms
Bottom line; if I'm coming out of my bat cave to do the dishes and get a chicken wing and I have no pants or makeup on and my messy bun looks more like Santa got leprosy and crashed his sled into the back of my head then let me be. That's all I'm saying.
I'm sorry I threw a frog in your car last night.
Sorry about my sloppy drunk texts. I'm not sure talking about banging a near dead Jimmy Stewart was my finest moment
you're like an angel sent from heaven to guide my sex life into greatness
I'm eating year old chocolate from the trash can. It was in a ziploc bag but still, this is a new low. Help me.
You know you have a problem when your man yells at you that his penis is not your personal play toy.
I mean you're asking high Chelsea. I'd sell myself for a rice crispy
I licked your asshole in confidence.
yes, i'm a douce. but i'm a high quality douche.
he just fucked me for my cheese..
Swiping left on your brother's Tinder account is possibly the worst way to learn he broke up with his girlfriend.
Look, all I'm saying is that you're going to be a great Vodka Mom.
I'm crying watching Rihanna at the VMAs. Periods are a bitch
I'm really just disappointed in myself for having sex with a musical theater major
I'm not asking for life coaching, I'm just asking if you know where I left my underpants.
It was a good hour of moans, penis compliments, smacks, and what sounded like someone running in flip flops
So I totally had sex In a teepee last night at that wedding reception.
I had sex with a boy who lives in a closet, that's like having sex with Harry Potter, right?
I think my biggest regret in life is not banging you in the science museum
Well I got black out drunk before the rehearsal dinner and berated my family with insults. But other then that it was a good time
Acid king. Jackson puked a lot. Promoter booth. Angry security. No acid. Probably a good thing.
Ended up at the strip club, got told I should be a dancer 4 times, got free tacos and my hot TA slide in the dms. How was your night?
Dude I bought tampons with cardboard applicators by accident and now I know my vagina hates the 1960s
How I know that I'm single: when I get a save the date for a wedding & I read "& guest" my first thought was does my bottle of Jack Daniels count.
I am rewearing my dress from last night.  I only wore it for like two hours before fucking.  And I took it off first so no cock contact.  This is my new standard of cleanliness.
I just watched an old episode of Daria while eating brownies to cure day drunkness. Clearly I'm winning at adulting today.
Look, I tried but his dick tasted like disappointment.
I always can't wait to see you but when there's also an opportunity to get naked it elevates to an entirely different level
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I ATE TOO MUCH OF AN EDIBLE AND TOLD MY BARISTA I LOVED HER
You have the perkiest tits in all of North America. You're fine.
I ended up sleeping on a park bench. Never using Tinder again.
We banged in my car doggy style with my head out the window. The sky was marvelous and I saw a shooting star. Its destiny; we're meant to fuck forever.
Of all of my friend's husbands, I like when yours hits on me best
he called me ma'am when we were fucking last night...he's five years older than me. I think I'm in love.
There are peanut butter donuts now. We are playing with forces we can't possibly understand.
Googled 'how drunk am I' and it was NOT helpful
I've never seen so much of my blood outside me. After the initial shock it was kind of cool.
Is it okay to get drunk at a baby shower? ....asking for a friend
I know you're having some issues right now but can we focus on the gangbang?
You were dancing to the Bee Gees, at 3am, with a piece of ham on your head. Moral of the story, You can't drink.
I'm too high and old for this...
Like pizza and mermaids make up about 1/3 of my thoughts on the weekends.
I'm not in bed, I'm driving and puking at the same time.... first for everything
I don't need this shit right now. I just woke up covered in pistachios
I deleted all traces of him from my phone
Why the fuck was I face down on the floor with you mounting me like a horse anyway? I'm so confused
We had sex on the tiger blanket while I was wearing my Ukrainian shirt and my ass touched the Ukrainian flag. Happy 25th Ukraine!
please tell dad to clear the porn off his tablet before he lends it to anyone from now on
She's seen your dick through your pants. You don't need to ask
We ate sushi in a hospital bed, then fucked in a bathroom while I wore a gown. Pretty sure she's the one
For a guy who won't fuck me, your dick is out a lot when we talk.
Pussy, Peanut Butter Cookies,and Bubble Wrap
Tell him to put up or shut up. Can't be dangling dick in front of ho's without delivering.
I pour the whiskey from now on
If catching your vomit in my hands while swimming in a bath tub full of it doesn't make us best friends, I don't know what will
I couldn't find a water bottle, so I sent her to school with her juice in a flask. Who the hell let me become a parent?
I cannot handle Xanax... I just turned my computer on and I googled how to work YouTube
Someone who makes you cum so hard that you have an asthma attack is clearly your soulmate
That's how pantless uber rides happen
Will Smith has a direct hotline to my emotions
I told him to take the baby so I could work out. My workout consisted of getting high and masturbating
I would definitely ride that dick into the sunset if nuggets are involved
Note to self: Calvin Klein's are not safe to shit in.
now acid just makes me think of crab ragoon
So...I maybe walked across campus last night with my life size Joe Biden cut out.
Just come home. We will have sex and Taco Bell. I'm feeling wild, I put on temporary tattoos.
That cat I follow on Facebook beat cancer so we're drinking tonight in celebration
As a friend tho, you have the biggest dick I've ever seen
So the girl I met at the bar last night came home with me. Played with my puppy. And left.
Ate 3 ghost peppers and chased them with Everclear last night. Currently on the toilet cursing the universe and everyone in it.
a victory without nudity is not really a victory
I think I must have activated my bat signal.... All three of my FWBs contacted me today!
I can show you the world. Shining, splimbering vaginaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Can you masturbate to someone liking your instagram picture?
How my distance relationship is going: he's trying to sext me & I'm stuffing pizza in my face.
Pretty sure I just got the ok to have a one night stand in Maui...from mom. I'd say that's a win in my book.
Everyday this week I have woken up to a different dick pic. It's like a dick pic a day calendar!
Found a trail of Taco Bell hot sauce packets through the garage to our back door and cheese in my bra. I'll say it was a successful Sunday Funday.
My sex toys have been held in customs for almost a month now. They're British, what the hell?!?
His weed is so good that I don't wanna risk loosing him as my weed man so I plan to keep him in the friend zone 😂
I'm sorry you're hurting. Would a picture or my erect penis help?
Putting plan B on my parents credit card wasn't the smartest idea
We were making out on the floor and his 13 year old beagle crawled in between us & just sat there...I got cockblocked by an ancient beagle named Bubba
Did you happen to find my bra? I'm pretty sure I still had it on before we left that bar
You know it's a good night when the word slut is imprinted on your ass and your hands smell like lube.
Why the fuck is there a goat in the kitchen
I DO have hobbies! I drink. I drink more. I catfish men on Grindr with photos of guys who are less attractive than me. I listen to Lovecraftian podcasts. I'm very well-rounded.
Wait, but now I'm curious. In what position were y'all when the cops came? Were you guys butt ass naked in the car? 😂😂
I was on tinder the whole time I was waiting for my pregnancy test results at the doctors.
I just wiped cum off my face with baby wipes... #momlife
Despite breaking my phone, thumb, and my dignity, last night was pretty good.
Okay I'm officially a Texan now, I banged a dude with cowboy boots
I just watched my high school guidance counselor pee in the backyard of this party.
It was great.  Somehow, sleeping with her sister cured everything!
I woke up in a front yard I didn't recognize to a grandma tapping me with her foot. What was in that punch?
My butt remains clenched, sir.
I got horny for like a second but the eggplant snapped me out of it
Is there an "I fucked your brother" emoji?
I fear our relationship is coming to an end. Last night I felt the need to bloody apologise for waking him up with a blow job.
That's crazy. Wow that lady must be fucked up
not sure what the chiropractor did but my junk deserves a cape now.
I just unmatched him. If your Thirsty Thursday only consists on the gym then I am not the woman for you ✌🏻️
He got up in the middle of the show and returned with this massive ham shank, then offered me some by asking "wanna suckle on my hog." Should I be offended?
COCAINE IS GR8
I think I sent pictures of my boobs to an Olympic athlete...
Do we have to do this party tonight? I'm worried my bed will miss me...
Life lesson... stop having side pieces that know each other...ffs.
Good!!! I'm so proud of you for not snorting alcohol. Big girl steps.
i'm sitting in bed scratching my boobs and wearing a sparkly fedora and have no one to blame but myself
You can't be mad... I'm letting you jerk off in my parents shower
WE ARE DOOMED.
I have to make calls today at work. So I'm gonna call your phone and leave some random messages. Just delete them.
Can't believe we're making vacation plans with the guy we had a threesome with
I suggest both. Please have sex with them and prepare notes for a final comparison.
Once the overwhelming "oh god my crotch is on fire" wears off, that excite stuff is really nice
If I take one more surprise finger up the ass this week there will be hell to pay.
First of all she starred talking about God which immediately killed my buzz
His cat just sat there and simultaneously bobbed his head up and down while I blew him
But if you do poop yourself let me know. I want that as a tagline. "So funny she'll make you shit yourself."
She puked off the side of the cruise ship onto a newlyweds balcony table and they watched it all happen then they made her clean it up
You tried to stop drinking but then she started feeding you tequila with a spoon. You were like an adorable baby bird.
You said, "I'll have this whole island inside of you by 6 AM. Just point out who you want and I'll make it happen."
My boobs are hoarders, they steal food and hide it. Greedy bitches.
Moral of the story - don't craft naked. Your nipples with thank me.
Of course he's seen my tits, I wave those things around like a trump supporter does an American flag
Also mom is not happy about me telling her how much i want the women sprinters on the Olympics to beat me up
It's has to do with my genitals. Don't ask.
You can either drink his whiskey or be a bitch. Doing both is just mean.
Weddings might be fun but they are not getting fucked in the wilderness fun.
I came over to get dick...not to watch you vacuum....at 2 AM
I AM A GOOD PERSON AND THEREFORE I DESERVE QUALITY DICK!
I moved to this city Tuesday and got laid Saturday. Still got it.
Do you think you could cook pancakes while i blow you?
Goddamn right, I may not survive the apocalypse, but my eyebrows fucking will.
She was just trying to do dick voodoo. Pretty standard stuff.
Our breakfast options are microwave popcorn, wavy lays and fireball
I'm pretty sure i doubled the number of dicks I've ever touched, last night.
I'm trying to fuck him and feed him. I don't understand why it isn't working.
I touched a dick in church today
So I think I've successful blown my foot off in a way that's going to make you call me an idiot.
You were on the train yelling, "THIS TRAIN NEEDS TO GO FASTER SO I CAN GO HAVE SEX WITH MY BOYFRIEND!!!"
So, anyways, aside from wanting to seduce my roommate for booze, how's everything been
I accidentally sent my dad a very explicit Star Wars fanfiction and he replied with "That was great!"
How do you politely tell someone to get out of your house in Russian
He KNOWS ALL THE WORDS TO "JESUS IS MY FRIEND", I swear if he even tries to pull shit with me I'm becoming an actual nun.
All I've done today is nap, eat candy and get off from my vibrator. I didn't know it was possible to be THIS single.
He plays guitar, sings like an angel, and acts like a gentleman. If I don't fuck him by the end of first semester, I'm dropping out
IN OTHER NEWS did you guys see Orlando Bloom's penis today? I did
listen i get youre a daddy dom but that doesnt give you a pass to make dad jokes
Sexting and pancakes... It's going to be hard to top that
When the state fair security guard came to yell at her for having outside food and drink she threatened to kick him if he tried to stop her and then she proceeded to chug the whole bottle. 
Dealing with people is so much easier after you've had an orgasm or 4.
Who the fuck stole my fridge again
Guy in my class today said, "I'm pretty sure you think about beer 95% of the time."
I've decided to have sex with him one more time to make sure I don't like him
Well he offered to lick my asshole so...I'm not really worried about his interest level.
How to not get laid: tell him he reminds you of your brother. While having sex. Thanks, vodka.
I made out with him in the club and he endorsed me on Linkedin. My networking skills are off the charts.
I know it's going to be a good day because he didn't notice the bite mark on my butt.
Almost lost a vagina lip in the great shave of '16
Also, what day were you thinkin we should trip balls at the children's museum?
whatever. i don't need to be drunk to tell you i'd suck your dick if you had one.
I just paid $10 for tinder plus so that I could change my location to Rio and match with Olympic Athletes
She made me pour olive oil on her.
I think putting on real pants was half my issue with today
I ain't lettin her quit anyway. We don't fuck enough for her to meet the housewife requirements
I just drunk texted the Italian guy and now I’m flooded with Shane. Uh, shame, not Shane. He sounds nice, though.
When is the right time to ask your new roommate for her school schedule so she doesn't walk in on you fucking some rando in the kitchen in the middle of the afternoon?
My lease is up and I've been thinking, it's only fair that the guys I've fucked in this apartment in the past year help me move. They enjoyed the bed, now help me move it.
I think this Canadian beach volleyball player might be my soulmate. We could check each other's shoulders for melanoma.
NO FUCKBOY SHALL PASS OPERATION #BITCHMODE HAS SUCCEEDED
Is it bad I have to get shitty ass drunk on a Monday night because I can't adult?
Also what’s the official rule on washing one guy’s jizz off my back before I go out with another guy? That I should?
Girl you're stalking so hard you're gonna know both their social security numbers soon
I guess what I'm trying to get to is that my dog sneezed on my dick earlier and its really taken the joy out of my evening.
It's one of the few times I hit fuck it levels of not caring
Who died my cat blue again?
Someone needs to lock me in a chastity belt because all my vagina does is get me into trouble. Fuck.
I will go to bed dreaming of sexy Olympians carting me on a throne to the beach where they feed me pizza and champaign and massage my head/wash it like the hair dresser does.
My mom added me on Snapchat which means I am officially done with Snapchat.
I have no clue how you survived last night but I applaud you. 21 body shots off 9 bodies in under four hours has to be a record.
I was masturbating and a roofer walked past my bedroom window.
I have a bunch of bug bites on my ass... This is why you don't have sex against a tree in the woods
I'm going to make you a sign to put on your penis to ward others off
hey u leave my anime porn out of this
THERE IS A BABY THAT ISN'T MINE THAT'S GOING TO HEAR ME BEING SEXED!
I'm still alive btw, in case you were worried about my well being.
So I'm hiding in my bathroom smoking bowls because my landlords kids came over to visit my dog... My life has reached a new low
Have you forgotten that this whole sexy cop role play started with a comment about my mom?
Let's be honest, I've seen a decent amount of dicks in my life and very few of them have been worth all the trouble.
There I was, puking into the toilet, and he was rubbing my feet, buck naked. I feel like a drunk Disney princess.
Completely unrelated and mildly related, a guy I hooked up with last year in a threeway died, his obit photo was his Grindr photo
Alcohol and IMDB don't always mix with 100% accuracy
Open the door and I will lure them out to freedom with viagra and candy orange slices.  You know they love that shit.
Moms love me. I'm the reminder that they need to turn safe search on.
Stop calling me, Mom. I'm in his closet. You're gonna blow my cover and I'm about to catch this lying SOB.
Is it rude to say "I hate you because you live inside Hillary Clinton's asshole"?
Wtf. So apparently this 5 star establishment  doesn't allow strip putt putt in the parking lot. We all just got kicked out of our rooms.
He gave me an orgasim so fantastic that I had an asthma attack.
Ur dad just showed me a tit pic he got omf
This is the best thing we've done since that time we started a religion
I used to sleep with a guy on the USA rugby team... He stole my credit card and my Hitman DVD. I'm more upset about the Hitman DVD..
I also told the bartender he probably had a beautiful spleen
danced like there was no tomorrow. surprise. there's a tomorrow
Did I tell you that I told him I deleted his dick pics and he almost started crying?
She was wearing American flag underwear. How could I NOT fuck her?
They had an Olympic theme party at her work yesterday.  She brought home her fake gold medal and hung it on my cock after she rode me.
It was a good dick. I give credit where credit is due. A good dick deserves praise.
this periodpocalypse needs to be over. I need head
I am so stoned. And there are so many white people in this Jack in the Box.
You have to get it done early. Like a dick drive by. Hit it and run.
I just ordered a onesie on amazon in the back of the ambulance while my patient was sleeping. I'm an adult
On a side note, my ex husband offered to buy me shrooms
Ate his Chinese food and drank his beer and played with his chihuahua. All while wrapped in a towel while he was sleep.
It's your birthday, you should get to jizz where you want to. Jizz when you want tooo
I was just tongue fucked into oblivion.
Her boyfriend offered to buy me a vibrator. I'm not sure how to feel about that.
I would ride that face into the sunset
He had a hook in his ceiling. I think I'm in love!
He does impressions. Handy knowing you can get fucked by one guy and pretend a group of celebrities is running a train on you.
STOP IT RIGHT NOW IM BEING A SINLESS CHILD OF GOD IN BED TRYING TO SLEEP AND YOURE SENDING ME MEMES ABOUT DICKS
That female nurse who took a selfie with my man parts well I was out of it just got fired and arrested... You know all she had to do was ask lol
I just found weed in my bra #magicboobs2k16
I planned out my poor life choices for the weekend.
Is kiddo a correct name to call someone who you stuck your dick in?
Yes, you can glue plastic eyes to my dick and take pictures while I'm asleep. If you tell anyone I said you could do that Ima fight you.
You sat on me. Like I was a toilet. While I was on the toilet. You peed a little.
I mean seriously...It's like the universe is saying "your vagina is closed, move along"
That sad moment when the drawer I used to keep condoms in now has poptarts in it..
If you fold the laundry; booze and orgasms on me.
Does it get any better than dating a guy with a vasectomy? The answer is NO. No it does not
The moment when you go to plug in someone else's phone in your car and your lube is in the way. Don't mind that it's just my center console car lube. Normal.
not sure what stings more, my ass or my pride...
Googling enemas while I get a pedicure ... My life in one senence
Your face; I've seen enough of it for today. Go away now please.
You got your ass kicked outside KFC on Tuesday
I thought I'd never say this, but if I had to choose between these cookies and sex, it would be these cookies
I just want to order a very large pizza and get very drunk and very laid.
I plan to try out my new vibrator and watch Star Trek: The Next Generation. It's a busy night.
I gave you chlamydia, you gave me a concussion. Now we're even.
She wouldn't fuck me because I had a cast, so I took her friend home
I'm eating a block of cheese like its a sandwich in the tsa line
New guy moved in the apartment next door.  He's a combat vet, 6'4", Adonis body and going to med school.  My vagina is chewing thru the wall as we speak.
lol hangovers are for mortals.
I checked her ID this morning. Lets just say...she's older than my mom
They were so sore! Either I have bed bugs or you were biting my nipples last night and don't lie to me.
Nice. Ask if they watched saved by the bell.  yes=legal. No=jailbait
I'm 22 and I'm drinking hawaiian punch from a sippy cup. Everything is right in the world.
Peeing in taco bell cups is part of the fun of going to taco bell
I woke up with her finger in my vag. Let's just say that I'm one horny inquisitive drunk.
It's the kind of dick you travel across the country for
I'm drunk still and I cried and now I'm watching Whitney Houston singing the national anthem and I'm crying more
Mischief managed.
I found a Trump-humping republican virgin born on the goddamn Fourth of July. I NEED to hate-fuck him.
Are you done yet? I've eaten three corndogs so I'm ready 2 party.
Can I just fuck someone without it basically becoming an arranged marriage
The kitchen also doubles as a screaming room after midnight as long as you have something to muffle the sound
On a scale of 1-10, how inappropriate is it to sneak into someone's box of sex toys and put googly eyes on their vibrator?
His idea of a night out is drinking beer in the driveway. He's been on house arrest too long
THIS IS AN AMERICAN HORROR STORY I CAN'T FIND MY VIBRATOR ANYWHERE WHICH MEANS I LOST IT WHEN I MOVED WHICH MEANS MY POOR VIBRATOR IS OUT THERE IN THE WORLD ALL ALONE RIGHT NOW WHAT AM I GOING TO DO
It's the kinda thing that makes you wanna buy a rainbow flag and fight republicans and kiss girls
Today I learned that I have a bigger dick than Draymond Green
What did we do lastnight that resulted in a $1,896 charge on my credit card with a $2,000 limit
Alas, I cannot find a male suitor sharing my affinity for sport culture who will both manhandle me and treat me with the respect a young Hillary supporter wants and deserves
The man sent me a video of him doing the helicopter, the least I can do is go visit him in the hospital
Fucking suck it up and drink your feelings like a normal human being.
I know EXACTLY where things went wrong with her...I didn't use Cheetos as a wooing tool.
Do him. As soon as possible and as often as possible. That's what Oprah would say
the night literally screamed "cock and ball torture"
If I die tonight somebody's going to have to let all my tinder matches know.
I went to Walmart last night to buy some CDs--which is a sentence I never thought I'd say in 2016.
Matched with the lumberjack. Here's your wedding invite.
It was 3 am when she drunkenly tried to deep-fry a banana.
he stopped mid makeout and said "can I pray for you?"
bitch dont make me pour hotsauce in your vagina
I puked in the back of my mom's new car because I had too much to drink at Chilis. I think I just hit rock bottom.
We're gonna have to check the security cameras after last night
Now we just need to figure out why your underwear was in your bra
The poop emoji wasn't even in my recents. Does that mean I'm growing up?
Ugh I don't want to adult today. I need like a dozen more coffees. Or cookies. They're interchangeable.
He and I didn't so much date, as watch cartoons and go down on each other.
What's the policy on calling guys who have kids daddy...
Just fantasized about my boss's fingers in a meeting. I desperately need to get some.
Idk how much of a virgin he is but I'm tryna find out.
Pray for me. I just had a sex dream about Debbie Wasserman-Schultz.
her fuck buddy was butt ass naked in our kitchen making waffles but they tasted so bomb
how do you politely tell someone their toddler looks alarmingly similar to the berries and cream guy
He fired me, I fucked his wife, we're even I think...
It's official: I now only own one pair of jeans that I haven't blown the crotch out of. It might be time to put a stop to red wine Wednesdays.
I put miralax in my rum/coke. Go hard or go home.
And no one can masturbate with the sound of Bernie's voice in the background
He stopped mid thrust ... To check snap chat .. From his roomie
I just had a flashback to us shaking up Gatorade mix and then inhaling it in your kitchen because it was funny. Now I can't stop laughing in work because that is the stupidest shit.
A German guy asked me to take a bath with him. I can't tell if he's just an eccentric European or a run of the mill creep.
I don't know what to do about my nipple.
I have put on lipstick and signed up for class. Nothing more shall be expected of me today.
I just jacked off to nostalgia.
New low: eating a buttered roll while taking a shit. 
I ate 2 pot cookies before we left the house. Fuck Pokemon. I'm playing my own game.
Giiirrrllll. Back to back snaps of dicks. Two different guys sent me their dick at the same time. This is totally what our founding fathers meant with life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
I woke up with masking tape on my nipples this morning........... WHY DO BAD THINGS HAPPEN TO GOOD PEOPLE
I had to say goodbye to one of my fuck buddies last night. He's voting for Trump, we shouldn't be doing it anyways.
Masturbating to the DNC live stream. Not my proudest moment
i'm 99% sure they had an orgy while i was passed out
I just left and he walked me out and went call me if you're ever... Eh... Whatever. And walked away.
He just texted me asking for his shirt back and I said I didn't have it and then I ran into him 5 minutes later while wearing the said shirt
Who wakes up at 9 and says "let me send a pic of my dick to my ex gf"
You were holding onto her boobs like you were adrift at sea and they were the only flotation devices
Really this has to stop, if they get any younger we will be breaking the law
I feel like I smell like bad decisions
Also, do you have any insight as to WHY I have a note saved from the 17th of June that reads *clears throat*, "you got that swanky blues libido"
I have got to move on from this "sleeping with every drug dealer I meet" phase.
ayo
I woke up this morning next to my computer with Google search results for "how to put out a fire."
Kinda suprised you didn't immediately ask about the lesbian ghosts tho
Sorry. We had to leave because I knocked a guy out for saying "yolo".
She gave me a boner for the first time in 9 years.
How many hotdogs are you going to eat today?
Thirty seconds is a long time in jizz time...
I told him I wanted to fuck him and he hasn't texted me back in 4 days...am I missing something
The awkward moment your booty call shows up to the Mexican restaurant and realizes you just picked burritos over pussy
Lost my anal v card with Peter Thiel's RNC speech on in the background. Unbelievably appropriate
I thought you were dead but then you asked me if your tits looked good. They did.
In other news, I just sneezed and almost shit myself. What is happening to my life??
The one that slept in my truck and you peed in his face?
so third time im replacing the batteries on my vibrator in 2 months #sosingle....on another note though, black beauty is raring to go
My roommate taped his phone to the ceiling fan to simulate walking so he could hatch Pokémon. Lazy people will always find a way.
There is a huge fucking spider in my bathroom....I can just burn our apartment down right? What do you need me to grab?
Remember that guy I fucked last month? Well I'm watching his dog this weekend while he's in the Bahamas with his girlfriend. What is my life
Does your drug dealer have a printer I can use??
The awkward moment when a lady ask you what kind of lipliner you're using, but really I have just finished eating hot cheetos.
I pretty much just wake up, masturbate at least twice, and go to the beach. #Unemployed. I do look for jobs in between all that tho.
He goes from zero to fucking up in 2.4 drinks. Like the sportscar of bad decision making.
Even his sexts are poetic. He said breasts instead of tits so I'm gonna lock this shit down asap
She just kept roaring and saying Katy Perry had nothing on her. Wtf did she take?
I feel like sleeping with foreign people is a long term investment. It's like a time share. Now when I go to London I have a place to stay.
You know it's time to call it a night when every guy in the bar (all 3 of them) have seen you naked at one time or another.
Better not shit yourself at the gym.
Omg. I can't go on a date with this  man. His kids are too ugly.
I mean seriously, she can have his dick anytime and im over here salivating like a thirsty bitch.
I accidently sent a dick pic to the group chat with her family. Right after they all said it was a pleasure having me for dinner. Wana drink with me?
Got 3360 Shoppers points for buying Plan B. I guess this all worked out for the best.
I'M TRYING. TO WATCH. PORN. PLS HAVE UR IMPORTANT DISCUSSIONS ELSEWHERE FUCKERS
You seem to be avoiding the poop question. How did you poop on your hand?
Blame the bisexuality and move on?
He brought me flowers and then spanked me with a Doctor Who paddle. Pretty good night, as these things go. 
He took some pill and now he's on all fours demanding we give him chips from the dog bowl. Come get him.
And all i could do was bury the part of me that felt guilty for cradle robbing and put on my dick swallowing bib.
I never said it was inaccurate, I said I hate you.
Grandma and I are gonna see the new Tarzan movie, because we both appreciate shirtless Swedish men
So it's official...my sex life has improved since Pokemon came out...
I feel like my liver should be on crutches right now
Please don't finger me like a jackhammer. I'm a woman not a construction site.
I made a booty call at 3:30 am on a Monday... I think I just became the ultimate female fuckboy. I don't know whether to be ashamed or get myself a trophy.
Pretty sure we ruined a bachelorettes life last night
Your skill with memes is vaguely frightening
One day, I might be old and married wishing I could bang everyone... and that'll be a problem. So I feel in my heart it's something I need to do.
I just had sex a few hours ago now i'm eating frozen yogurt making sex plans for tonight while catching Pokémon. What a time to be alive.
Whelp, I woke up on the front lawn this morning. I have got to stop wearing these underwear. Every time I do, I end up puking in someone's greenery.
I don't think it's ever a good night if I'm this hung over and I didn't even get an orgasm out of the deal...
Black magic does not go near my vagina, it's a rule
So will your sis find it a compliment if I tell her I lost out on some awesome dick to go to her bday dinner???
If you're doing something that makes your best friend lock you in a bathroom you shouldn't be doing it
.... I'm on a random couch somewhere in Newark wrapped in a Lightning McQueen blanket
Alright I'd bang a 4 sober, It's been like 3-4 weeks or how ever long 4th of July was ago. I wanna fuck something. 
WHY IS SHE PANDERING YOU, A SIMPLE GOBLIN, TINY WEENER PICTURES OVER STATE LINES
For someone who wanted a break I'm getting way to much dick
I'm so happy we share a mutual love of laughing at religion.
definitely good. no good can come from sex in a very full public venue.
It will be the shitshow of all shitshows.
Death by dick. An honorable death. Put a picture of his dick in the photo collage at my funeral.
The dicks good but it's not two trains and a bus good.
And I had on a penis ring on the whole time at dinner. And I ate veal...
Didn't realize he fucked me in a bed a dog is always in until my face swelled two sizes and I had hives all over my body. This is God's way of punishing me for having amazing sex.
Him showing up yesterday was like a giant ego stroke for my vagina.
I ended up changing her contact in my phone to "O Great Potato".
Its my nipple ring piercing anniversary. We need to celebrate.
Also lets pinky promise right now that we will NOT play "Pony" outside of each other's rooms if we have a hook up over
Pretty sure the waitress here is concerned about well being bc I've been here drinking by myself for 3 hours. If only I could show here FB so she'd know I'm not alone...
I told him that we shouldn't complicate things. He responded with a dick pic.
He obv doesn't know that telling a woman to chill will get him murdered
I'm not gonna swipe right, he has better hair than me. Just no.
I just gave myself a foot massage. #SingleAsFuck
Then his buddy called and said "my car broke down, I need a ride. If I'm not home by midnight they'll extend my house arrest." And I knew it was time to leave.
I just realized I haven't looked at our horoscopes lately. If mine says anything about tweakers, I'm burning my phone.
This is like a walk of shame down memory lane.
I think that's the first time I had "ass rimming" scroll across my phone at work
If I ever write a memoir I'm thinking "Choosing to sit in a vat of shit" would fit
We shared a dick.  We're practically sisters!
Come over so I can fuck you louder than her country music
I'm gonna tell the medical examiner that your cause of death was over-arousal.
WTF was I supposed to tell them? "hi mom and dad, this is some rando I met on the internet. please ignore the noises that will be coming from my bedroom for the next 60-90 minutes. kthxbye."
Not all of us can be into hot dads. Some of us have to have commitment issues and be into musicians.
I rocked his world in the back of my car in an overly-lit, heavily trafficked parking lot. Middle age is amazing!
I just bought a butt plug on Amazon prime day and you're the only person I felt would appreciate that decision
We are horrible
new low: I blocked him from seeing my snapchat story in hopes he will text me because he'll be afraid I'm dead or something
well, you know. whores of a feather.
No it's a real cult, with original ideas and shit like that
I finished OITNB and broke it off with my fuck buddy in the same day. It's going to be a rough week
I am now picking what guy I will hang out with based on how many Pokémon they live near.
I'm not trying to analyze you I'm just saying you are being unfair to soup
I can't hangout tonight, I have a phone sex appointment at 10
Tacos and sex are way better than any anti depressant pill ever was. I think I made a medical discovery here.
I HAVE DISCOVERED LONDON AND IT FILLS ME WITH JOY
He offered to dress his dick up as Charlie Chaplin to cheer me up. 
He caught a Pokemon on my head while I sucked him off. I think I need to marry him.
Only I could turn my one night stands into class essays.  Go me.
i guess i fuck people who own bucket hats so i can't talk shit
I woke up on the green space outside our dorm cradling a watermelon and sucking my thumb. College is crazy man.
he answered his phone during sex and left to go help that drama queen with her latest bullshit. I'm drinking all his vodka. it's asshole tax
I NEED TO TAKE A FUCKING BREAK. MY VAGINA IS SMOKING.
sitting in a shitty karaoke bar playing pokemon go and drinking a mimosa.  how is your sunday night
I refuse to go to a doctor for a sex injury, not when I've come so far already
The only people allowed to make me cry are myself and Chris Hemsworth as Thor. And me.
I'm a girl who met my last three bfs in gay clubs. Think I'm doing something wrong?
From what I remember I had fun, until I threw up, and lost my shoes..
Being pregnant feels like you have a hangover everyday.. Don't listen to what anyone says about how wonderful it is
At one point I was counting his nipple hairs to calm myself down.
You left your hot dogs in my dresser again
We broke the bed while I was handcuffed to the headboard and let's just say that was a hard one to explain to the RA
I kinda forgave him after he laid next to me and rubbed my arm for four hours while I tripped balls.
Do you have Pokemon Go yet? I just caught a Clefairy on my walk of shame and feel way better about myself.
They found me wandering around campus screaming body shots over and over again wrapped in a curtain
She started calling me daddy on the second date and I don't know how to react to that
he called me his ex's name during sex then proceeded to cry while still in me
Then he asked if he could pee on me and things really went downhill
Will you skip merrily into hell with me?
I've spent hours masturbating before. It's actually my favorite Sunday activity
You have not lived until you've slid down a waterfall fucked out of your mind. Fact.
Hungover. No words. Just memes.
I'm so glad I can be everyone's guide to the world of fucked up kinks
She's officially a Tinder poltergeist.
I'm not talking about Donald Trump in the midst of sending you nudes
I'm perplexed as to why anyone on this planet is straight
Do you know anyone else that comes home with unexplainable injuries as many nights a week as we do?
My boss stocked the communal fridge with Gatorade. It's like he wants me to come in hungover.
In the middle of pounding my asshole he stopped and said, "do you want to get breakfast after this?"
Oh yeah, you are a real peach except for shitting uncontrollably and bleeding out of your face.
I slept naked last night on stolen pillows. I felt like a golden goddess.
His Australian accent during sex made me think I was in an Outback Steakhouse commercial
You took all of your clothes off and tried to seduce me and while trying to seduce me you decided you were too drunk and passed out.
I may have just sent her dad a picture of my penis. His name's Myron, right?
cmon you know I'm perfectly capable of something that ridiculous 100% sober
He fell asleep during FOREPLAY. Sober!!!
Just had an orgasim to the Star Spangled Banner so.. it was all worth it.
Are you seriously getting this frustrated over a hand-job right now?
No one with a hairstyle like that is allowed to insult anyone for anything
This is like 50 shades on steroids but with healthy relationship models and mutual respect among all parties involved and lesbian activity.
wouldn't be a true Fourth of July without dropping acid at 9pm on a Monday
I like to be the stable force in your otherwise chaotic existence.
Just for the record, I did not have sex in your bed. Happy 4th of July.
You know you've been on Tinder too long when you're the guy cropped out of the profile pic.  Of a woman you're still seeing...
I do not love him. There is no love. Only sex and meatloaf.
Well, I can't remember Thursday and my left ass cheek hurts like hell, I'm guessing Mike's bachelor party was a success.
BUT DID YOU RIDE THAT DICK INTO THE SUNSET THO?
Cocaine bath bombs are a really bad idea
I just want a relatively mentally stable guy with tattoos and facial hair that loves Captain America as much as I do and will fuck me the way I deserve to be fucked, is that too much to ask for?
I probably shouldn't be taking relationship advice from my side piece...
I barfed on the cat last night. Just wanted to share.
Tell me why i have 60 matches in 72 hours on tinder. Can i sell my tinder account like people used to sell their myspace pages and tumblrs when they had a lot of followers? Is that a thing?
I ate so much cake that I can't even enjoy a blowjob
did i just pee glitter
he told me he liked me . I thought we were just fuck buddies . This ruins everything!
I accidentally mass texted his dick pic. Not only to my friends, but to my dad as well...
I need to sleep so I can die properly tomorrow.
Paycheck hits in 37 minutes and I literally just emptied my handle of Tito's. If that isn't budgeting like a fucking adult, I don't know what is.
i think i just lost a toe
Made it to my hair appointment on time, and got some dick. Today is already a great day
This whole quitting my bad habits all at once is really messing with my ability to function.
I didn't even respond.  Just letting the crazy settle before I calmly fuck his shit up.
Jesus fuck that was emotional whiplash
I've officially slept with/dated two guys that have gotten tased. What the fuck is wrong with me
I'm kind of upset that he wanted to have sex instead of watch Harry Potter. I mean it's Harry fucking potter.
i'm high and self actualising, please send help
You make any dick jokes involving sushi and there WILL be consequences.
I will be the DD but everyone has to call me Mistress
You're the best thing in my life, followed closely by cannabis and trashy romance novels
His dick is a skeleton key. It fits everywhere.
I feel like I might be the only person I know who eats bundles of radishes in-between orgasms from their vibrator.
Uber driver offered to have sex with me since I went home solo. - rock bottom
Im sorry you'll never get the feeling of closeness when you go to pee outside and you realize you're peeing right where someone else just peed
Dude I used amphetamines responsibly today though. I snorted one in the am for work and then chewed one in the pm for other work. I'm an adult.
You can be responsible and still be on that ho life
I'm good. Got my nipples pierced and threw my back out. 🙌
I gave him a HANDJOB. 
That was just an endearing nickname I called you before. I'm not gonna call you a filthy slut now that you are one, I don't want to hurt your feelings.
His dick isn't even good enough to be this much of an asshole
Okay I'm ready to show you that my weiner still works
I wonder how many people saw me whip my junk out and bang it on the light post in front of holabird bar and liquors last night. I'm about tired of having to do that.
Cancelling your gym membership calls for alcohol.
She wants to have a threesome with Taylor Swift. I think this is the kind of love my grandparents spoke of.
Here's an unsolicited pic of my tits, because you almost died last night.
After I asked for my 6th Gin & Tonic, the look on the flight attendant's face started to make me feel bad about myself.
I just dominated some guy while wearing your moms thong
I haven't heard from him yet. He's either still asleep (which is entirely plausible..... There wasn't much sleeping happening last night) or he's robbing me blind. But I have renters insurance, so either way, I'm ok with it.
Speaking of lightening speed, he ate me out while I was watching The Flash. If that's not winning at life idk what is
Can I pee and smoke my bong at the same time or is that like eating on the toilet
I'm like bob the builder except I'm fixing boners.
I turned off my domesticated goddess switch over 2 years ago and idk how to turn it back on. So in the mean time I'll dodge this gf bullet and eat free steak for as long as possible
We fucked while The Odyssey played in the background. Homer would be proud.
All my female reproductive organs were screaming HELL YES last night.
His parents came home, and now I'm hiding in a closet; awaiting death at dawn.
We need to get me chipped asap
I'm a lady. Ladies do NOT hump the floor.
I would just like to say that I had morning sex today to the Hamilton soundtrack. So.
The fabulous human disaster: it is him
I slept with my wedding DJ..... I think this means my life has come full circle
If the smell of things stopped me from putting things in my mouth. I wouldn't be popular with Grindr guys.
Do you wanna do something, or just stare at each other and fantasize about death like we usually do
Am I under any obligation to let my new fuck buddy know I slept with his little sister?
She's so nice... She deserves all the dicks.
I'm talking to a corgi on tinder..wtf has my life come to
Currently tripping balls and watching Pink Floyd the wall and I'm crying during it. If this isn't a self realization then I don't know what to tell you.
Got myself invited to boss's family dinner party, drank too much, and fucked boss's brother in his parent's house. Just another Wednesday.
He wants to buy me a wedding ring and pretend to be married to someone else when we fuck. It actually makes me wet thinking about it.
Showed up to the airport to find my fuck buddy is on the same flight. Do you think he'd be intertested in the mile high club?
Apparently 'ewww' is not the correct response to him saying he has to go to a funeral while I'm there.
She was a little thick, but we banged on the beach and fireworks went off as we finished so I think God wanted it
Please clarify that he is speaking of beer pong and not rough sex
About to go make a man out of a 24 year old boy
The guy I made out with the other night fed me chipotle favored funions and I thought it was true love when I was drunk.
It was extremely weird and uncomfortable mid blow job she looks up and says " tell me Simon Cowell makes your dick hard"
I'm like, not good at living.
went out to hit golf balls, ended up doing splits at the bar. you're a bad influence.
He was awesome with her today. I can't say that it didn't make my Fallopian tubes sing "The Hills Are Alive."
I know it's 10:30am but Finding Dory starts in an hour, and I have four points of molly. You down?
She told me the only rule was that I couldn't cum on her Batman blanket.
It's going to be like a slumber party but with ketamine
Tinder in Coventry is like browsing a gallery of mugshots from Azkaban
How do I figure out the name of this sleeping naked guy in my bed?
just called AAA to get my keys out of me car and then afterwards realized they were in my pocket...stoner life
Just told my roommate about "analvice" and she is horrified and the Sound of Music is ruined.
Let's go buy marshmallows and play chubby bunny until we feel alive again
I just matched the dude who's car I rear ended 2 years ago on tinder. I don't think he remembers.
I just used an Amazon gift card from a student to order a new vibrator....teacher of the year
And today, on Faces I'd Like to Sit On .... The starting line up of the German National Football team
just put a ruler in a cup trying to measure how much ivve had to drink..... God help me
Yeah well I just had an orgasm on my bathroom floor so there's a first for everything I guess
I  can't. I mean he's hot, but there's really nothing else there
Ick. That's not even the fun kind of punishment.
I've faked every orgasm I've ever had, I think I can fake being sick for 8 hours.
So I've decided that blue balls for lesbians is rainbow balls and the struggle is real
SHE MASTURBATED TO THE THOUGHT OF ME HAVING AN ALL DUDE THREESOME WITH HER EX BOYFRIENDS.
Happy Father's Day to the first man I called Daddy while cumming.
My roommate is fucking his gf in the shower and i really have to pee do i just bust in or pee on his bed
He's got the good dick trifecta - flip phone, works outside, bed with no headboard.
I'd like to have a moment of silence for all the dicks she's broken off
Like seriously, I would not be going if there wasn't pizza
You're talking to someone who was 80% serious about breaking into someone's house and leaving a cat there with our names in a heart tag on its collar
All the movies on cable here are either porn or Bollywood. I am never leaving this hotel.
That's the 3rd guy I've made pass out from a bj. I may have super powers.
does having sex with an episode of House playing in the background count as studying for my MCAT?
I'm just imagining Oprah like "you're popping a boner, and you're popping a boner...EVERYONE IS POPPING A BONER"
Still alive. Just brushed my teeth with fireball.
I don't think he liked your vagina hand signal
People trash cargo shorts, but I'm like, sorry I had room for beers and you didn't.
Welp just ran into my high school history teacher while buying a pregnancy test...there goes my veil of innocence in this town.
How do you explain to your kids that you met their mother well you were giving her a  gynecological exam??
three of my fingers are bleeding and the only thing on my phone rn is a google search of 'Allison Janney'
I mean, I'm shallow, narcissistic, and selfish, but I'm an amazing friend sometimes
I felt like I should've driven him home but I was holding in a fart and just needed him to leave
I got poked in the eye with a penis last night. How's your day?
I'm serenading his dick with my words. I understand how poets get inspiration now.
I just want to bone him one last time before he moves across the country with his new (average looking) girl friend.
this is the second day the intern has gotten me coffee. he either wants to bang me or thinks I'm more important than I am. 
Does this mean I have to put a bra on now
When dealing with embarassing medical issues, don't you want your brother's wife to be the one fishing around up your ass?
The only thing he told me before he passed out was that he is from Buffalo and I'm a bitch.
I think I'm actually too depressed to do drugs, wow.
I'm constantly crying, and now I start crying every time I masturbate which is a fun development.
I never thought I'd say this but there's too many dicks around here.
Eating breakfast at 1:30 in the afternoon stark naked is how everyone should live
I wish so many great beards were not attached to even greater jerks. All that face sitting potential wasted. Some of the greatest tragedies of this century.
My little sister just helped me edit my nudes so that's how my night is going
How am I supposed to buy weed and pancake mix when it's raining?
Had a rough day but my boyfriend made that all better by going down on me while letting me watch Top Gear... I'm buying the engagement ring tomorrow
Did you really eat 10 ice cream cones today?
Preface: Im drunk. But i think id make a good assasin. That is all.
I forgot to tell you that he serenaded me with "Fuck Her Gently" by Tenacious D. And I didn't hate it.
FML I accidentally sent the text about his bruised balls as a group text that included his brother and my boss.
What kind of sociopath goes to sleep at 9pm when I clearly need attention
Can we just agree for a moment that semen in your sinuses is the fucking worst?
Did she seriously come back inside just to piss on the kitchen floor?
i feel like ive seen the light, but not in the nasty christian way. thats gross. say no to jesus, kids
I never truly understood the phrase ball is life until I started having to balance NBA finals and all these men with balls i'd like to handle.
I spend so much of my life shaving my body hair off and I want nothing more than his beard in all my hairless places.
Just because I stayed up all night betting on Australian Horse Racing doesn't mean I have a gambling program.
drunk me cartwheeled over a turtle sandbox & slit my foot open on a cinder block. how do you explain that to a doctor?
Do you think this 2 hour Amazon delivery thing works on vibrators? Cause that would be clutch
She gave me a job then fed me cheesecake in bed. She's a keeper!
Is there a tactful way to ask "how are your balls?" Or do I just ask point blank
While I'm here in reality dreaming of catching chili cheese fries with my mouth out of t shirt guns like Jesus is real
Bring me pizza. I'll trade you your underwear you left here for 2 slices.
I'm going to have to go for it. It's like Mt. Everest. It's large and unpredictable but I live for adventure and it's worth never coming back from. Mt. BigDick.
Afterwards he face timed like four of his friends screaming he banged the hot intern.
So far my survey results are telling me to pawn the ring. Thoughts?
I threw your vagina at him like a grenade. And sweet Jesus he caught it like a champ
Grateful to be alive soliciting dick pics. Thankful i'm alive for these little things and especially these big ones too.
Sooooooo this guy just asked me if I'd be interested in a threesome... I'm considering bc I would get to hang out with his dog afterwards.
his mom fetish really needs to stop.  this is literally the 5th time i've come home from work and there's been some random skank and her kids in the living room.
quickly learned not to sleep with your roommate and work colleague in the same week
Breaking news: when you're gone every towel is a dick towel
Is there a hallmark card for "could you please slide the FUCK out of my DMs"....?
He was standing in the living room wearing a Donald Trump wig and looking very disappointed
Don't try to sleep with work colleagues because he won't be able to get it up and you won't be able to look him in the eye ever again
Would it be creepy if I masturbated with my face in the pillow he slept on last night? Cuz I'm pretty sure that's about to happen
Slap a cop in the butt for a felony charge. Check.
Giant stained glass jesus is judging my black pleather pants
Why do I like him? He literally has no redeeming qualities.
I feel worse lying to the guy I hooked up with than I actually do for cheating on my bf
Let's be honest, college orientation is going to be "here's how to drink everclear"
I masterbated poison ivy onto my penis, it hasn't been this upset with me since the Take one for the team fiasco of 02.
Everyone should just give me a copy of their keys. I take your dog out and I bring beer.
I had to try on three different bathing suits to hide my boob hickies
I don't want to be drunk any more. Can you hit the off switch?
Self reach around competition is what the Olympics has been missing all along. A true test of athleticism.
The sorting hat of life was not kind to you.....
So who left their underwear on a lamppost in my aunt's backyard
I'm to the point where I just want to get back at him in a hot man sex tornado way.
THERE IS A DOG IN THE CLUB. I repeat a dog in the club. I might have laid down and petted it..I have no shame.
There's a fly in my room repeatedly throwing itself at my window, and I feel it's really symbolic of what I want to do with my future
That's really the only reason I'm dating you, the prospect that I might get bacon
I've sent two unsolicited tit pictures in less than 24 hours. I'm the female version of a fuckboy.
So is it weird that I am super excited for my new captain america clit ring... Or is my crotch getting too patriotic
Have you ever thrown up in the middle of your hair appointment? Cause I have..
It's hard picking what to wear when you know the plan is sex. Like can't I just wear my robe let's just simplify this.
He has great stamina, he knows how to use his tongue, and he's hung like a goddamn Pegasus.  I can overlook the man bun.
I was so drunk at your wedding that Uber is now showing up in my Spotify recent searches.
At least your vagina gets to vagina again. Dust that thing off.
Now it's a thing. He's kind of a creeper and now he's lotioning me. This is going to turn into a Buffalo Bull situation.
He gets married Father's Day weekend and I just found out I'm pregnant. What do I do?
Well, at least you look pretty when you're disgusted
I just need a big sign that says no more penis please hanging over my head at all times
Look, I've got a really big car. We just need to put ourselves in it and put some body parts in other body parts.
I figure blowing aggressively into a harmonica is better than screaming, "GET THE FUCK AWAY FROM ME YOU SOCIOPATHIC SUCCUBUS" to my sister, in the middle of an auditorium, during my mothers college graduation ceremony.
He asked me while we were fishing why the passion was gone when we have sex. It's official...I am the dude in this relationship.
WHY HAVE SO MANY THING GONE IN MY BUTT ON THIS TRIP
I put the area codes from ludacris' "area codes" into our expensive data visualization software at work, it's been a productive day
I've never had someone have to dis-arm themselves before I sucked their dick prior to that
This ice cream is 10x better than the sex I had yesterday
.......he just venmo charged me for the burrito I was eating while he broke up with me
WHAT KIND OF DEALER ONLY WORKS FRI-SUN???
It's a mix of hot dirty sex and week old bong water
Why are there four guys spooning on the living room floor?
I would not recommend douching while drunk.
Do you know how awkward it is to get a dick pic while working at babies r us?
We did hand stuff while watching teenage mutant ninja turtles so I guess you could say it's getting serious
You informed me your place was now a nudist colony and unless I was there to drink schnapps with the cat I had to strip.
My loniness meter has reached its peak. I just played shadow puppets using my Big Mac on the wall with my cats
My concern for you and peanut butter is the reason I am still awake.
One less thong to worry about.
I'm asking you this because you're my dad....is coke a drug I should try?
I was all, oh. I've had tattoos and broken a limb. Waxing my lady parts will be a cake walk. I was wrong.
True fear is being unable to remember where you hid your weed and vibrator in your parent's house.
Egg rolls and cum. Not my worst snack.
Sarah was butt-chugging wine and diarrhea'd all over the wall
The cat is stealing cigarettes and my vagina cures blindness. How's your night?
I love how encouraging you are, but I need you to stop me when the guy I'm going home with is a dead ringer for Nick Cage.
Life if anyone rolls up to my funeral with shitty weed get them out of there
i just want to die with dignity and clean teeth, is that too much to ask?
He doesn't have an existential crisis after we have really violent sex now which is nice
HIS DICK IS GLORIOUS AND I WANT TO RIDE IT TO VALHALLA
I DONT HAVE A FUCKING JOB RIGHT NOW. DO YOU THINK I HAVE TIME TO WASTE GOING BACK AND FORTH WITH SOMEONE WHOS LYING, ABOUT LYING, AND JUST BEING A LIAR? HONESTLY, YES I DO HAVE TIME. BUT I HAVE A FUCKING LOT BETTER THINGS I COULD BE WASTING MY TIME DOING. LIKE ORGANIZING MY POKEMON CARD COLLECTION.
We were supposed fuck one time, but ended up fucking for 2 years.
I want to buy weed from this guy on Tinder but I'm not sure I should trust him...but it's free delivery
 I'm not in it for just the sex. If I wanted mediocre dick once a week I would have stayed with one of my exes.
I'm gonna try and get through this weekend sober, which is gonna be tough especially since I've already started drinking.
Oh, btw, UPS might come by. Drunk me ordered us $75 worth of gummy airhead starburst type candies. Whatever it is, it'll be delicious.
I'm still questioning who dropped me off last night. So successful wedding?
Today some guy at work told me I had the nicest hair he's ever seen and my response was "thanks I grew it myself". This is why I'm single.
He told me that when he bends me over that chair I remind him of a bull rider.  So thanks for being the ex that helps my present sex life
They also submitted to my demands for pizza
I called you last night? What did I say??
Are you drunk texting me again or are you just being your regular stupid self?
 Funny story... I got into my car and my porn started playing over my Bluetooth.
Dude. I keep thinking about how I let a man gum my vagina.
My room looks so cute. Who wouldn't want to hook up with me in here?
If body pillows had a built in vibrator attached I would literally never need a boyfriend again
Butt Stuff 2016 unites us all
Sorry I called bc I needed help peeing outside
Broke my ankle and blacked out on my scooter last night. 'Twas grand.
You ever just SEE a guy and know he's good at choking someone out?
I think our maternal nature is best focused on grown ass men and cats.
It may be a clusterfuck, but I'll be looking classy as shit as I watch the nightmare unfold
She rode me like a jockey on that tiny couch. Then we spooned.
I wouldn't be able to live with myself if I blew a Trump supporter.
Interesting. All i can really say is humanoid shaped doritos bags melting very slowly
I would drive 12 hours round trip for you to have an orgasm, cause that's friendship
She showed up at 4:30 in the morning HAMMERED, stripped, demanded sex, then after 4 failed attempts stopped me mid-thrust to tell me she thought we should be fucking for a cause, like animal rights. Process that for a second. She wanted us to be fucking for animal rights.
She's eating hot cheetos out of the bag with chopsticks, Matt, how is she NOT my soulmate?
You know you've found a good drug dealer when he's willing to overnight mail to you in another state...
I dunno what's worse, that one guy here said he'd blow somebody for Tim Horton's right now, or that someone else looks like they want to test his sincerity.
Welp. June's off to a great start. I just ripped my pants, completely sober, at 10:30 p.m.
I just traded sex to frolic with a box of husky puppies. Is this rock bottom?
No way hahaha I have zero intention of adding him I wanna just join in on a three some but mostly just be there for moral support and snacks
You were trust falling into bushes
I still blew him because I won't let allergies keep me from doing what I want. But I almost suffocated like 10 times.
Well you got kicked off a stripper pole. They said girls only.
*6am blends another margarita* *615am blends straight tequila*
I accidentally told my mom I broke my drug nail this weekend
Oh, I also stabbed a guy Friday and he still asked me out
Idk what y'all are doing but I just want you to know I'm home and if I hear him say "slap it" one more time I'm moving out
Pretty sure one of my drivers stopped to get laid while he was delivering a pizza. Is it appropriate to give him a write-up AND a high-five?
Yep. The ghost of my sex life is in your house.
We broke my graduation cords last night when we used them to tie each other up during sex last night
Don't make me do math I'm drunk and full of chicken
RAAAAAAAAWWWWRRRRRR
why do guys have to express their feelings when they know your seeing someone else ? I fucked him anyways to make him feel better , and to know what he's missing.
this potential sugar daddy just sent me a photo of him butt naked in the woods saying he wants to "grow our spirits together." so i think i found us a new drug dealer!
Is it illegal to hookup with your fathers god child?
Sometimes at I wake up from a dead sleep at 1am and call the bar just to hear the clink of the glasses and the pouring of the beer on tap in the backround
 I'll probably just end up banging you in your parents marital bed,in their honor of course.
All I need to do is acquire a Shrek costume. 
I took a vibrator for a weekend with my parents instead of a boyfriend. I obviously have my life together.
My neighbor came out@4am in a pink nite gown n clotheslined a punk on a mo-ped w/her mop handle, then just walked back in her house like she just checked the mail. MILF 1 PUNK 0
I'm jealous, curious, and aroused. All at the same time. 
Am I getting cock blocked by karaoke? That's a first.
also. got fucked to usher last night. dunno if thats a new high or a new low
he's so sweet and its so cute. but I swear to fuck if I let my guard down and this was all a lie I am going to become a serial killer.
Pants are for mortals
Going overboard is basically 75% of my personality
Spent tonight painting strippers in camo.
For the record you're an amazing lay and you have great taste in breakfast sandwiches
PLEASE AT LEAST MEOW SO I KNOW YOU AREN'T DEAD
I got home at 1 am on a weeknight with lube in my hair. I'd say it was a successful first date.
Nothing says "i love you" more than flowers and potatoes
Well supposedly when the cops came, they say I tried to get them in a conga line like Jim Carrey in The Mask. So....yea
Also, let me tell you how embarrassing it is to match with someone who seemingly has their shit together at 4:45AM on a Thursday.
At least you got some excitement going on, you got weed and might die tonight, I'm just sitting here bored as fuck.
You told me you were trying to learn all the MLB ballparks while you waited for your porn to load.
I'm glad he doesn't have a bigger dick because he'd just use it for evil anyway
I just want a simple guy who likes cats, tattoos, and doing coke off my tits.
the only things my left hand does: catch/hold things and masturbation.
Well now you know my birthday fantasy: gangbang consisting of men wearing NPR pledge t-shirts.
Oh man. I am high, watching The Office and getting pancakes. What a country.
I'd climb him like a horny MILF spider monkey.
Only thing exciting about him was his dick.
Why did the sexual harassment class show a clip from frozen?
The body is still out there. I don't think my trainer realized when he asked me not to drink for 24 days, how often I see dead people
You handed me an unpeeled grapefruit off the frat basement floor and then took a bite out of it.
I just wanted to personally thank you for throwing clementine slivers at me across the room while we made out
You ever fart so bad at work that you think about taking a sick day just to spare your coworkers from the savage olfactory beating they are about to receive?
People like you and me aren't meant to go this long without having sex
He came on my face and he was genuinely concerned about getting it in my hair. I'm marrying him.
Damn Instagram explore page. I am six months in to some girl I don't even know.
I JUST SENT A TOILET SELFIE TO THE WRONG PERSON.
I'm tryna think of an appropriate time to say "when I suck other dicks they seem like training dicks compared to yours" but I really can't think of a good way to say that
You either got a dog, or you have a boy over. I can't tell from the noises which it is.
I made him watch the first 5 episodes of Game of Thrones before I decided to sleep with him.
I just wanna be euthanized
Our relationship is perfect
How is it possible for someone who gets so many dick picks sent to her, to be experiencing such a complete and utter lack of dick IRL.
dont know if she was trying to start a lawnmower or jerk me off.  still wasnt to bad though
Mixing Powerade and white wine has been one of my better ideas.
You know you're good at multi-tasking if you can get a lap dance from someone while simultaneously eating a burrito.
I'm driving to his house to eat chicken and hopefully have an orgasm
I told my dad that he was in a band and he was all like " good job" and then he looked up the band and listened to their music and just went " oh have you disappointed me"
Look, all I'm looking for is a good time and someone whose chest I can bury my face in
I had to google some of the kinky sex shit she was telling me she was into. 
I just swiped right for a guy on Tinder solely because it looked like he was holding Zoboomafoo
The minute he showed me his Mumford and sons tattoo is the minute i could literally feel my pussy dry up
He had a small dick anyway.  I'm glad I barfed on it.
If so I'm coming over there. There's no way I'm having "hello, how are you" conversations with my neighbors on acid
For a girl who cried from fear the last time she was asked out, this. Is. TERRIFYING!
Trusting in Jesus is not a viable birth control plan.
What's the polite way to say "hey I don't actually want to fuck you, I just swiped right on you because you didn't like me in high school and I needed validation"
Can I just go to one establishment in which I haven't banged anyone ?
Do you think I could use my teacher of month Award to get free drinks?
If all that ever happens between us is orgasms and dank memes, I think I'd be okay with that.
He got punched in the face last night? By who? I’ll invite him to our formal. Seriously.
He fed me Girl Scout cookies while I was still tied up...what did I do right?
I HAVE A FLAME THROWER. COME SEE IT. IT’S SAFE AND WORKS.
Well I mean I HAD done a pretty good job of not pooping myself through the years
I'm sitting here listening to fat joe and doing kegels I have given up
The bar tender had his entire hand down your asscrack. 
I'm slowly starting to accept that you have to be a sociopath to be attracted to me
So you broke your ribs while fucking? Dude you just got about 25% hotter.
After walking ten blocks barefoot in Boston I've concluded drunk me needs to make better decisions.
I wonder whether Megan will forgive me if i have phone sex in her attic
I hope a pyrotechnic goes off in your asshole and seals it shut for life.
I am literally this close to screaming out my window if anyone nearby was down to fuck. I am too damn horny.
NO FUCKING RANDOMS IN AN ALLEY
I'm waiting for your stupid pizza and this 400 lb drunk man is behind me singing the acapella version of Elevation by U2
You've changed since you got that strap on
I'm at 45 minutes post orgasm, and I still feel my insides spasming. Pretty sure I just fucked Superman.
So why exactly are your shoes in my freezer?
And if you haven't kicked a pigeon you haven't started your morning right
I would say don't do anything I wouldn't do, but we both know I forget about my personal safely when getting laid is on the line
Are ropes allowed in during conjugals?
My phone has started autocorrecting "monogamy" to "monogamish"
You ruined a cute cat because your lack of horniness
I'm 2 weeks in to my all dick and carb diet and so far I've lost 2lbs.
I think I’ve reached sophomore-year-level of bad ideas
Um, It's tempting but I'm not into coke or farmers.
Im showing up stoned and in sweatpants. Because that is where im at in life right now. Sorry not sorry.
ANIME MEN ARE MAKING ME QUESTION MY SEXUALITY AGAIN
Do you ever just feel the storm building inside of you that tells you you're ready for a giant indiscriminate fuckfest?
if i ever get to the point where i am moaning when i pee, please do the honorable thing and kill me.
Like if Ohio doesn't think I can get smashed on wine I will gladly prove them wrong
Asking for a friend: is it frowned upon to eat pizza while you materbate or does it just mean you are fantastic at multitasking?
He called my vagina his wife...  how is that NOT creepy?!
I can feel your judgement through the phone
Well that's disappointing. I guess I'll give a lesson on dick-breaking another time then
let’s face it, me joining a co-ed soccer league is like, 33% motivated by my crotch seeking a healthy outlet
I apologize for using the phrase "monster cock hentai porn shit" to describe that guy I picked up last week.
I like it here so far, only people are a lot less accepting of my terrible decisions and it's cramping my style
He wants to pour butter pecan flavored coffee creamer on me and lick it off. I'm like, dude, gross. French Vanilla ok? Ugh.
Is it okay to mention my ambition to become a supervillian and kill all humans on a first date, or is that a second date discussion?
you left your anal beads in the dishwasher
I almost stopped mid bj to let him know I appreciated his balls being nice to look at/have my face near. But I didn't know if that would ruin, or improve the moment.
Me and mom just bonded over our mutual desire to bang Mark Ruffalo. I'm not sure how to feel about this.
Changed all my ex bf's names to "no" in my phone so the next time I try to drunk text one of them it'll basically be like Russian roulette
I'm slacking. We've been hooking up for months and I have yet to bang him while he's wearing the clown mask.
I want to have sex in my car again before I put the car seat back in
And then I realized my chick friends consist only of sober you, drunk you and hungover you
you grabbed the breathalyzer at dinner, blew a 0.20 and told the waitress you'd eat her ass
For a guy who came before his dick was out of his pants, he gave surprisingly good head.
I just made a dick pic collage. Let me just tell you,there is no comparison to the latest!
I hope the lord has blessed you with many tampons, child.
Basically I think I'm replacing men/sex with theme parks.
OH MY GOD REMEMBER ALL THAT I LOVE NEW YORK I DVRED BECAUSE I JUST DID
He has a beach house and a Simba tattoo. Our wedding is next Tuesday, hope you're free.
I may have broke the toilet masturbating. On a positive note the floor is really clean now.
now to finish some work and then i think i'll work out. or garden. or at the very least I'll continue eating frozen grapes and take more drugs
I'm eating pizza in the bathtub
Is it rude to send him a, "happy birthday, I hope you finally get an STD" text?
Hillary said in her victory speech "We're gonna come together". I've got a lib-boner.
He had a clap on lamp. So every time he was ramming into me, the lights kept turning on and off
I can't believe he's mad at you for not remembering your fake anniversary.
I really don’t want to have kids.
Talked to the dude for a hour . I now know where he lives, his occupation, his goals, his dreams and what his dick looks like.
Fuck you guys, I'm trying to nurse my hangover and eat my chicken tenders in peace.
As I took my shirt off he commented on how great my boobs where. I responded with "thanks, I grew them myself"
I went to BBQ fest on Wednesday and came home wearing a different shirt, so I think I did some good damage.
He called me kiddo. We can't have sex
Liquor has joined the party. Aly just fucking yelled "I LOVE COOKING" and poured margarita mixer, ice and tequila into the blender.
You added his wife on Facebook?! You're horrible at this mistress thing
You were wearing a sequin mini, with Tevas.  And you still got laid.
No? The only contact I've had with him for months was when I drunk texted him from Costa Rica to say that all jazz sounds the same
Listening to The Little Mermaid soundtrack should cure my drunkeness right?
How was your night?
Hypothetically speaking, at what point does fire become too much fire?
We just had sex in the shed while having a conversation about cheeseburgers...so that's how my day is going
Just because you are home alone for the weekend doesn't mean you can act like a nudist.
I just found those cheese sticks in my purse. Along with a handful of confetti.
New low: uploading my contacts into Facebook in an attempt to get the name of the girl I brought home last night.
Well. I had to explain to my niece that the word cunt is not an abbreviation for country. I'm the best aunt in the world.
Well let me fuck you while I make potatoes. It's every girls dream
I still can't believe I was army crawling thru his backyard at 2am..
Dude, he danced with the dog that some random chick was carrying at the bar. Then the dog jumped out of his arms and ran away. THAT definitely deserves a drink.
They say find what you're good at... Evidently that's showing up late for everything, drinking, and eating cheese for me.
I'm supposed to be at work in 10 min, I just woke up and am 45 min away...tinder for the win
I'm a hopeless romantic with the sex drive of a married politician. IM DOOMED.
He asked me how flexible I was and all I could think about was that time I threw my back out putting in a tampon.
I'm pretty sure the rest of my evening will consist of masturbating, drinking tequila and watching children's movies.
I left my parents and ran through the airport. I was like I'm not getting stuck in Atlanta tonight and not having sex.
we watched a guy take a shot of tequila while riding a unicycle
This kid wants me to stop partying. Like I have only known you for 5 days. Chill.
I planned to shave today but it's Friday the 13th I might cut something
I yelled out "blow jobs!" in my macroeconomics class. Ask me more about how my life is spiraling out of control.
All I could think about while we were fucking was what Hogwarts house he would be in
I'm bringing home frosties. I need to talk about butt stuff.
My parents get here at 6 so I have to make it look like a sober virgin lives in my room by 5.
The worst thing about having to live at your parents again is the struggle to make up more excuses to cover up the booty calls.
Literally just sitting around waiting for someone to come along and fuck my chakras back into alignment
I think I puked in the middle of sex last night if that's any indication as to how drunk I was.
this is a PSA to never have sex in a bed from ikea
Last night when I blacked out, I ate Chef Boyardee. I never want to be that drunk ever, ever again.
While he was at a job interview yesterday, I was dropping acid. So that's the aesthetic of our relationship rn.
I will teach you the ways of the ho life, my little gay grasshopper.
What the fuck happened last night.... I woke up with a bowl half full of ravioli next to my head, reversed on my bed still fully clothed.....
I guess you never know how much of an impact you have on someone until you sleep with their cousin
I left at 4:30 in the morning and I told him it was because I had to take my contacts out
You would critique a dick pic. Damn art people.
I have a hickey in my new work ID photo.....
It's a long story, but I accidentally peed on my dog. I'll tell you about it tomorrow, and we shall never tell my wife.
I'm drunk. And I'm alone. Eating chicken fingers in my underwear. I'd say life is grand.
We're gonna start a pole dancing competition or a bar fight. Stand by for results.
Had a dream I dropped the L word and immediately threatened to kill myself
I'm just glad I met someone who probably won't punch you in the face
I think I've done enough damage with my vagina as of late, thank you
I don't get promposals. When I asked my date I was so drunk I couldn't lift my head. Then I puked on my lawn after he said "ok whatever". That's romance
What's the rule for getting in fights with homeless men in suits? 
I'm trying to watch Chicago PD and tell you I like your dick at the same time. It's a lot of work, ok?
Is it normal, that tacos make me horny?
He literally said from now on he's always banging chicks with asthma becuas it's such an ego booster
Well, I currently have zero fuckboys and my vibrator just broke. A fresh start to May.
I've had my dick out in public way too much for someone my age...
Dude, never piss off a hungover boss.
As a courtesy going forward if you could not bang in my house that would be nice
I just quoted part of the Pokemon theme song in a sext... And it worked
he was spending his time trying to use emojis to court a 19 year old, I can’t really take that seriously no matter how hot a dude is
I just sucked dick on a ferry
What happens if you die with an erection? Does it stay hard? Disclaimer: I'm high.
My apartment looks like the apocalypse of sobriety.
I got the beer and the first aid kit. You get the tequila and burn cream. We should be set for the camping trip.
On the flip side, we did almost have sex wearing a gorilla mask and deer antlers.............
You're wasting your dick. It needs to be bestowed upon the masses.
I'm a full-grown woman and thusly I expect my sphincters to behave themselves.
We almost got stabbed in the nuts last night. Don't worry, we're alright.
I love that my family celebrates every holiday with a joint.  Chanukah? Mazel-juana! Easter? What's more spring than the color green? Election day? What better way to celebrate democracy in action than medical pot?
Bring me your tired, your weary, your buffalo chicken dip
THEY HAVE BEEN GOING AT IT FOR 2 HOURS AND I HEAR THEM BANGING THIS IS BULLSHIT
Have you ever been so drunk you pass out in the cab and everyone goes inside and forgets about you? I have
Jealous. I want an iud. Maybe there's a late night bodega that'll insert one for me
Im going to seductively wisper "that butters my biscuit" in your ear
IS NO AN EMOTION BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT I'M FEELING RIGHT NOW
I invited him to my hotel room via snapchat. I'm one hell of a classy bitch
PS I almost downloaded grindr to see if any guys wanted to buy me chinese food..
Don't trim your pubes if you've been drinking. I can't believe I have to tell you more than once.
I wanna borrow his axe at this point and cut my head open just to relieve some pressure
So the bar crawl I'm on is a "90s bar crawl" and I made the joke about a few overweight girls that "lack of concern for your weight is so 90s" it did not end well
My mind doesn't wanna day drink but my heart does.
I just had sex with a man wearing a Darth Vader helmet....he pressed the voice button the whole time that said "I am your father". I don't think I can ever come back from this
You poured a bottle of water into the salad bowl and said "bowls are a joke" and then poured it into your lap.
Is there such thing as a tasteful dick pic? I think I just got one if they exist.
I'm glad you had fun with your genitals.
Hell no. Last time I used a Slip N Slide I ended up with bruised ribs, a broken fence and the hatred of a half naked girl with a sprained wrist.
Dude, who WASN'T thinking of motorboating her?
There is a goat eating lettuce out of our fridge.  Do you wanna grab a bloody mary?
I think I've had more sex in your bed than you have and I've only been here three days
I just wanna suck his dick on my balcony ya know
Well my parents know I get medical Cannabis they saw me on the news at the dispensary
Which sister was it? The one I accidentally hit when my shoe flew off or the one I ate candy off of when we were high?
Not my fault the fence refused to just break when I ran into it.
Were you the one who yelled "FOR GLORYHOLE!" then punched a hole through my door?
Dude, naked camping ALWAYS takes precedence. I would skip my own funeral to go naked camping.
Might call you tomorrow on a drunken hate filled rant, or just a normal hate filled rant, either way be ready.
Ive decided to see your threat against my life as you flirting
Can we go out and get blitzed in celebration that they'll be no more surprise kids
Happy hour crawl turned into power happy hour turned into tequila shots turned into I'm drunk in class on Cinco de Mayo at 7 am.
I love everything about him! His penis, his hair, his tattoos, his penis, his cat, his penis.
i need some fresh meat. meat that has a license and a job and isn’t a FULL-blown alcoholic. partial i could tolerate, bc, haha, let’s be honest, me likey my drinkies.
It was a simpler time. With fewer STDs.
I see myself subsisting on tequila for the next several days.
I have an ideal penis or slightly above ideal penis in every country that isn't ruined by the specter of communism
I fucked R2D2 last night. I consider Star Wars day a success.
Yeah you're weird. You once told me you would by me a house in the middle of sex. Like as you were thrusting.
Accidentally typed message to mom that included word "kink." FML. Played it off as autocorrect from "drink" which was somehow more acceptable
I'm planning our wedding on the computer and our threesome on my phone. At the same time.
Hey before you quit, let me sell drugs to your boss at least one more time
Was it you that ate my bacon or do I have to rip my roommate's face off?
On another note I never thought having a drug addicted stalker would prove useful
I feel slightly un-patriotic right now... I just got cock blocked by the Air Force!
I used the phrase "love child of quasimodo and cyclops " in a sentence today.
He gave me an extra phone charger for the other side of the bed the other night. Is that love?
Hold on, I'm taking nudes in a blanket fort right now
I saw an episode of cops that had one of my ex husbands on it.
He made me chicken tenders and margaritas in preparation for me to take a pregnancy test at his place later tonight. Like...seriously.
I never want to even look at fireball again because it reminds me of the night I died and then lived to tell the tale of how I died.
i think im in europe. pls send help
Just wanted to share my unfortunate vagina news in the hopes that it would make your vagina feel better about itself.
When I come home and take my bra off and I'm served with a perfect grilled cheese along with a glass of wine.  Priceless.
My hangover didn't kick in until like 4pm so I found myself puking in the middle of Times Square. During rush hour. In a three piece suit. A spongebob came by and patted me on the back.
I know he's only a bandaid for my emotional disrepair, but he can stick me anytime!!
If he refers to me as slump buster one more fucking time.
I swear, the guy behind me wasn't paying attention until the words "middle aged fuckboy" came out of my mouth.
I AM A SEXUAL NIGHTMARE
Woke up on my sisters couch, and it was like the start of a Terminator movie,my brother in law was passed out on the floor naked in the fetal position. We now call him Arnold. It was an epic night.
I'm playing trivia and drinking margaritas so now is not a good time.
I've pulled 4 ticks off of me. This is the last time I suck dick in the wild.
He had a vasectomy. I think I'm in love.
I feel you. I woke up butt naked on top of my sheets with a plate of cheese next to my bed...
Let he who has not made drunken spaghetti at 3 a.m. cast the first stone.
I'm ready to run through the streets naked yelling "HES ALIVE!"
I'll just go on tinder. Seeking strong male to help take apart ikea furniture and move. I'll touch your dick.
What're you gonna do with the rest of your night?
Pretty good. Thinking about getting day drunk and filling out job applications so I don't hate myself as much
So last night, I bought mother's day cards and the Plan B pill.
We need some Captain and Fanta.  That shit will change your life.  Sidenote, bring an IV drip to hook me to in the morning
I wore Yonce braids out last night and made out with a man and a woman #bowdown is right
Nothing says "I'm sorry for shitting in your bed" like an Olive Garden gift card
I'm watching Trainwreck with Jeff and realizing that I'm the John Cena in my relationship.
I just had sex with the Sheriff's Deputy. You should call me.
Every time we have sex, I feel his dick ramming my soul into submission. Problem is..... I LIKE THAT SHIT!
Babe, Have you see my pants?
I've never been to an orgy, but I would assume nachos wouldn't be out of the question at one.
I can't possibly be the only person who has ever eaten Cheetos with a spoon to avoid the powder getting in my fingers
My roommate just threatened to kill me with my own pan. Can I ever get away from the crazies?!
We should have a mid-burrito sex-break, too. Just so we don't get too full all at once
I definitely fucked a Trump supporter last night but I wouldn't let him fully admit it because then I would've had to leave and his cock and abs were too perfect
He said "send me a motivational picture" so I sent one with mayo on my face that said "clearly I'm no stranger to white stuff on my face"...I'm the fuckingng worst
Like tbh you're not doing anything that screams I'm drunk and yet nothing says I'm going to spend $30 on McDonalds and make out with a stranger like that picture
I went in for a high five.. He went in for a kiss.. Today is a good day
I knew it was love when he told me he wants to see me have multiple orgasms in one night
Remember the time you puked your contact lens out?
I'm going to preface tonight by saying that I'm sorry for tequila, shopping carts, and having to chase me.
I will 100% jerk off using my own tears as lube before I'd ever bang a 4.
You casually put your finger in my ass and other people are weird..
If you don't come home and fuck me soon I'm walking over there naked and dragging you home by your penis
He suck his junk in my HALF BAKED. Ben & Jerry would totally disapprove. This is worse than sticky dick donut day.
Drunk you needs to learn how to call sober me, so sober me can talk your drunk vagina down.
Me saying I wish i was a better person + me pretending I don't want to fuck on my period = me lying
THERES A FUCKBOY IN MY PERSONAL SPACE
I don't work there anymore. If they had Prince themed dildo parties i never would have quit
You should feel special! You're also the only person I've ever punched during sex
Feel weird saying this on Facebook, but a dildo collecting demigod sounds like somebody I'd at least hang with for a minute.
honestly the most stressful part of moving is the chance my mom will find my vibrator
I know what I want to do this Friday. However, it might end in me getting kicked out of an arcade and a mini golf course.
Well, i'm not hugging a bag of cheetos and crying while I watch Friends wishing that we were Ross and Rachel. So clearly I'might doing better than last night.
I should've left when he told me that he only smoked crack by accident once
we panicked because we couldn't find you anywhere, but then we found you tripping in the bathtub with Marie's cat. there was no water. you thought there was water, though.
Keep in mind this was 2012... YOLO was a very new concept.
What, so now you are his nutritionist and his fuck buddy?
Adderal can only make me focus so much. Your ass is stronger than my medicine. Congratulations.
I tried to think of the best possible thing I could do for my 30th birthday, and the finalist is "get a clit ring"
A guy from tinder a while ago who sent me dick pics straight out the gate is a tech on my dad's hospital floor. I was wondering why he looked familiar and why he never took my dads vitals when I was in the room
I need to hire someone full-time to slap food and dick away from me.
I'm not gonna ask the guy I've fucked like 3 times if he is insecure about his eyebrows.
